DAVIN1 - Hi! My name's Davin; I help my father run the slaughterhouse in Modoc.
DAVIN2 - Hello again.
DAVIN3 - I knew you'd come back to me.
DAVIN4 - Yes, my sweet.
DAVIN5 - What can I do for you, lover boy?
DAVIN6 - Sure, I'm not busy. Ask away.
DAVIN7 - Nope, haven't seen it anywhere.
DAVIN8 - Well, I uh... I mean, I... I supervise and take care of stuff. I'm the owner's son after all. I'm going to inherit this place when my dad kicks off.
DAVIN9 - It's a lie. I only go out to the barn at night to a... make sure everything is locked up. You know, with all the wild animals around and all.
DAVIN10 - Dad runs the slaughterhouse. He's OK as far as fathers go. A word of advice if you do any business with him. There's usually more to his business deals than he lets on.
DAVIN11 - Come back and see me if you want to... talk again.
DAVIN12 - Wow, I never thought such a beautiful woman would try to seduce me. What! You're not a woman! Don't worry, you're so pretty, I won't say anything if you won't.
DAVIN13 - I have to be dreaming. I don't believe such a beautiful woman is trying to seduce me. You are trying to seduce me, right?
DAVIN14 - [Giggles] I'm "caboose"! You can be it the next time.
DAVIN15 - Oh god! Take me! Take me now! [He rips off his clothes, then your clothes... then... Use your imagination.]
DAVIN16 - [Two hours later: The earth moved, and this bed will never be the same.]
DAVIN17 - [One hour later, and the best orgasm you've ever had.]
DAVIN18 - [Half an hour later, you lie there exhausted.]
DAVIN19 - [Fifteen minutes and a couple grunts later.]
DAVIN20 - [You made it as far as removing your shirt before you no longer felt the need.]
DAVIN21 - I'm completely healed and ready to go.
DAVIN22 - Hardly more than a scratch left on me now.
DAVIN23 - Well, I'm mostly healed but I could use more healing when we get a chance.
DAVIN24 - I healed myself as much as I could but I'm still pretty badly hurt.
DAVIN25 - No, baby; I wanna come with you.
DAVIN26 - Sure thing, I'll put it away.
DAVIN27 - OK, I'm right behind you all the way.
DAVIN28 - Then I wouldn't be able to protect you. No, I better stay close.
DAVIN29 - Is that it? No way. I'm not letting you out my sight, you little sex pistol.
DAVIN30 - But... But... What did I do wrong?
DAVIN31 - What is it you want from me, my dearest?
DAVIN32 - I used to skin the brahmin at the slaughterhouse, so I'm pretty handy with the knife. Also dad had me beat a brahmin to death with a crowbar once. I guess I could use a club if I need to. Uhhh, oh yeah, dad took me to shoot a pistol once, but I got scared and almost shot him by accident.
