ZAIUS1 - You the new guy in town?
ZAIUS2 - Ummm... riiiight. Tell you what. Here's a couple of dollars. Head on down to the saloon and get yourself something to drink.
ZAIUS3 - Can't understand you, pal. Why not head on down to the saloon? Hell, maybe Francis will arm-wrestle with you.
ZAIUS4 - Well, I'll hope that you enjoy your stay here in Broken Hills. Right. Well, I'm Zaius. Now that we're introduced... You any good with your hands? We've got a problem with our air purifier on the lower level of the mine, but we haven't got the parts to fix it or the protective gear to avoid being overwhelmed by the radon gas that's been building up.
ZAIUS5 - Right. Well, I'm Zaius. Now that we're introduced... You any good with your hands? We've got a problem with our air purifier on the lower level of the mine, but we haven't got the parts to fix it or the protective gear to avoid being overwhelmed by the radon gas that's been building up.
ZAIUS6 - Ha. Ha. Funny. Nothing better than a smart guy to solve a problem.
ZAIUS7 - Our air purifier's broken. It's on the bottom level. We've got no parts, and we've got no protective equipment. Without the parts, we can't fix it. Without the protection, the radon gas'll nail us. Are you any good with your hands?
ZAIUS8 - You again, eh?
ZAIUS9 - Pal, I already gave you some money. Go bother someone else, eh?
ZAIUS10 - Hi again. Why not go check out... umm... the bank in town? I'm sure there are plenty people there who'd love to talk to you.
ZAIUS11 - Well, if you ever happen to think of a way, let me know.
ZAIUS12 - Really? Would you do it for me... and, more importantly, for Broken Hills?
ZAIUS13 - Izzat so? Well, my brainy friend, why not fix the air purifier down below? You'll need the parts, and you'll need to find a way to breathe the gas. Until you can show me you can do that, I think I'll just assume the only thing smart about you is your mouth.
ZAIUS14 - The main problem is that I'm an idiot. I'm repeating this because I don't believe that your asshole just spouted something that sounded like words. Get out of my sight, maggot.
ZAIUS15 - Aside from the jerks who keep harassing me, the problem is the air purifier in the mine. It's busted, and we don't have the protective gear to breathe the radon and we don't have the parts to fix it. You can, though, right? Because you're so smart?
ZAIUS16 - I'll pay you handsomely to fix the mine.
ZAIUS17 - Great! You'll need the parts, of course. Go to New Reno and look for Renesco. He's got tools lying around the shop. Tell him Zaius sent you. Tell him that I said, "The canary's kicked the bucket." I don't know where to get protective equipment for the gas. I suppose you could go in without any but you'll be hurting. Again, thank you.
ZAIUS18 - No? Well, if you should change your mind, you know where to find me.
ZAIUS19 - Ok, then. Take half now. I'll give you the other half when you're done. Go to New Reno and look for Renesco. He's got tools just lying around his office. He should be able to help you with the parts.
ZAIUS20 - Sorry. That's the limit. Take it or leave it.
ZAIUS21 - Fine. Leave it, then. No thanks.
ZAIUS22 - Y'know, I knew those bastards Franc, Manson, Jacob, and Aileen had it out for us. Well done! So...
ZAIUS23 - Hi, friend!
ZAIUS24 - Oh, good. It's you again.
ZAIUS25 - Howdy.
ZAIUS26 - What do you want now?
ZAIUS27 - You changed your mind about trying to fix the mine yet?
ZAIUS28 - How's it coming? I hope you're going to take care of this soon...
ZAIUS29 - You've got the parts? Great... I hope you've got some protective gear. The fumes can take you down.
ZAIUS30 - You've fixed it? Excellent! Say, I know you were doing this for free, but... I couldn't let you do that. So me and the guys got together and got you this. It's a combat shotgun. Good luck. And thank you.
ZAIUS31 - You've fixed it? Excellent! As agreed, here's the remainder of what we owe you. Thank you again.
ZAIUS32 - Good, good. Please hurry, though... our town needs what we get out of here.
ZAIUS33 - Well, I'm sorry, Mr. High and Mighty, but I think that the town's survival might be a little more important. Hurry it up, will you?
ZAIUS34 - Well, I'm sorry, Mrs. High and Mighty, but I think that the town's survival might be a little more important. Hurry it up, will you?
ZAIUS35 - Please hurry. The mine is our town's lifeblood.
ZAIUS36 - Well, the best person to talk to about that would be Marcus, over at the bank, or Steve, the greeter for the town.
ZAIUS37 - I'd have to say they're all right. Still... they could always be better.
ZAIUS38 - Well, as the mutants are not only getting old and senile -- the gas keeps them young, or something -- I'd have to say things are pretty good. I mean, we don't want to kill everyone, and as far as I can tell, the humans don't think too poorly of us. 'Course, that's not including the humans from the other places around here... now those are some bastards.
ZAIUS39 - Hey, I just received the note. Go talk to Francis about it, all right? He's the one who wrote it.
ZAIUS40 - No! We're just protecting ourselves from the conspiracy. Marcus believes in law and evidence, and even though he knows these people are dangerous, he doesn't know who they are- and he's too honorable to plant evidence. My part is keeping Francis restrained from all-out revenge.
ZAIUS41 - I knew Francis couldn't handle exposure. He knew the risks of what he did, but I guess he didn't figure on ever being caught. He'll be all right eventually. I hope the same will be true of Broken Hills.
