PET1 - Hello, friend. Haven't seen you around here before. First time to the Abbey?
PET2 - Good to see you again. Tom's been a big help around here. Thanks again for sorting all that out. Now, what can I do for you?
PET3 - Good to see you again. What can I do for you?
PET4 - The wife and I came here a few years ago on a caravan. We liked it here so much we decided to stay and start our own little farm. Let me tell ya, the Abbey might not be as flashy as New Reno, or as advanced as Vault City, but as far as I'm concerned, this place is about as good as it gets in the wastes. The folks here are decent, and people look out for one another. Sure, some places might offer more safety, but at the cost of personal freedom. No thank you.
PET5 - Not really. The Abbey's too small and isolated for the caravans to pay us much heed. Doesn't matter though, we're a pretty self sufficient community -- grow our own food, brew our own booze -- so we get by just fine. Anyway, Bill's the man to speak to about caravans, he runs the general store just southwest of here.
PET6 - What else would you like to know?
PET7 - Sorry pal, I've never heard of it. But if it has to do with pre-war times, then I bet there's something about it in the monastery's computers. Unfortunately for you, those monks are real protective of their information--afraid that it'll lead to another war or something if people learn too much. Still, it might be worth asking around there.
PET8 - Brother Samuel sent you here? What's that drunkard up to now?
PET9 - [John sits down in his chair and pours himself a shot of whiskey.] It all began a couple days ago. My wife and I were preparing for bed when we heard some rustling out in the field. I grabbed my lantern and rushed outside to see if I could find the source of the noise. As soon as I made it to the fields though, the noises had stopped.
PET10 - Well, the next night we didn't hear a thing. But the night after that, we heard rustling coming from the field again. This time I crept to the window and looked out rather than rushing outside. Peering into the darkness, I saw a dim light, like from an old lantern or something, moving among the crops. After a couple minutes the light moved toward the cemetery.
PET11 - I wanted to go out and confront whoever--or whatever--it was, but the wife convinced me to stay inside and check on things in the morning. So the next morning, I see some of my crops had been eaten and there's fresh footprints all around. Now, I don't mind feeding the poor, but I don't take kindly to thieves.
PET12 - After that, I asked Brother Samuel if anything had happened in the graveyard. That's when he told me someone had begun digging up some of the graves. Apparently, whoever's doing this isn't strong enough to dig in one night. I'd guess it's an old beggar hoping to dig up some treasure. If you ever find out who's doing this, please tell 'em to stop by. There's no need for thievery here in the Abbey and I'd be happy to help this person in any way I can.
PET13 - [He narrows his eyes, but manages to hold his composure.] That's how we do things here at the Abbey. If kindness is so offensive to you, then I suggest you get the hell outta my house. I'm not gonna sit here and let some wandering tribal insult me in front of my wife.
