VORT1 - Brother, welcome to Vortis' hall. How can I help you?
VORT2 - So what do you want?
VORT3 - You're starting to annoy me.
VORT4 - This place is my place and I, Vortis, run an honest and legitimate business no matter what anybody in NCR tells you. Since NCR doesn't allow slaves inside the gates, I mind them for folks who've got business inside.
VORT5 - What are you, dense? This is a slave pen. I got licenses for it.
VORT6 - Oh, look - the goody two-shoes, lollipop kid. Boys, escort this hypocritical paragon of saintly virtue out of my sight!
VORT7 - Well?
VORT8 - Work? Well... there might be something. You ever hear of the New California Rangers?
VORT9 - Fuck you. Boys, escort this annoying crud out of my sight.
VORT10 - Vault 13! Get outta here. Damn place is a myth. Vault 13, my ass.
VORT11 - A what? Well, whatever it is, I ain't got it.
VORT12 - New California Republic - nothing but temperance types and merchants. Got a bug about slavers and slavery, but what the hell, it makes my business.
VORT13 - Somebody steered you wrong. I don't have no trouble with nobody - especially not no Rangers. I'm all legal, so there ain't nothing on me.
VORT14 - Yeah, I may have some feelings about the Rangers. You looking for work?
VORT15 - No, you may not go nosing around, shit-for-brains! This ain't a museum!
VORT16 - Well then, you should know some folks see them as a potential problem. It would be extremely useful if we had a map of their safe houses through the north - New Reno, Klamath, wherever. I'd be willing to pay, oh say, $500 for something like that. You think you could get that for me?
VORT17 - Let me tell you, then. These Rangers have got it in their heads to wipe out slavery and slavers - by force. They've been creating a lot of trouble for hard working folks.
VORT18 - They work in secret, especially up north.
VORT19 - Jeez, I got to spell this out for you? They raid slavers, drive off the stock, and smuggle 'em down south to NCR lands where slavery's illegal. So you interested?
VORT20 - There is no "and"! You want the job or not?
VORT21 - Fine. When you get me a map, I'll be here.
VORT22 - How the hell should I know!? If I knew, I'd have it, wouldn't I? Look, there's supposed to be a cell in town. Find them and see what you can do.
VORT23 - Good work. One more thing though. You're a slaver, right? How 'bout you lend a hand and wipe out those safe houses for me. I could pay you for the job - say $1000.
VORT24 - Good work. One more thing though. You look like a mean sonuvabith. How 'bout you wipe out those safe houses for me. There's a reward for it - say $1000.
VORT25 - Excellent. Here, let me mark these coordinates on your map thingy. Report back when you're done.
VORT26 - Your loss. Now you best make yourself scarce, in case those Rangers ever wise up.
VORT27 - You're back. Did you wipe out the Rangers' safe houses?
VORT28 - Really? Hot damn. This is the best news I've heard yet. This will be quite a blow to the Rangers. Good work. Here's your pay. Now you best make yourself scarce, the Rangers in town are sure to be looking for you.
VORT29 - Well, alright. I think I can round up some boys to aid you in this. They'll meet you on the way. You ready to start now?
VORT30 - Hell no. I'm not rounding up any guys for this. If you feel you can't handle it, then leave.
VORT31 - You ready for the raid, or are you here to waste more of my time?
VORT32 - Well that's fuckin nice. We don't sell here. Metzger up north in the Den can help you with that.
VORT33 - Well aren't you a picky fuck. You do realize that his stock isn't limited to just the Den, right? He's got his own holding pen where slaves are dropped off.
VORT34 - What, do you think you can get whatever the fuck you want for free? $1000. Take it or leave it.
VORT35 - What, do you think you can get whatever the fuck you want for free? Plus, you ooze virtuousness. I don't like that. $2000. Take it or leave it.
VORT36 - [He points on your map the location of the slaver camp.] It's around there. Now what else are you going to waste my time with?
VORT37 - You're back again. Did you get that map?
VORT38 - I'm still waiting for you to finish the first job!
VORT39 - Not since you did your job. Thanks.
VORT40 - Good work. Now you best make yourself scarce, in case those Rangers ever wise up.
VORT41 - Well don't hang around here, you moron! Somebody'll get suspicious.
