VAJ1 - Him: Hi! I'm Juan Cruz! Her: And I'm Vikki Goldman! Both: We're celebrities! And we endorse Hubology! Both: Please note that any similarities between us and people or institutions, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
VAJ2 - Him: A poor child of the waste. Her: Perhaps an alignment would help? Him: Yes. You. Would you like an alignment?
VAJ3 - Her: I do hope that has helped. Good luck in your travels!
VAJ4 - Him: If you won't accept our help... Her: ... then we can't help you. Goodbye.
VAJ5 - Him: Ah, you see? The teachings of the Hub have demonstrated their worth again!
VAJ6 - Her: Why, we were in the movie business in New Reno. We made hundreds of films, many of them classics, like "Top Bun," "Frisky Bizness," and "Days of Rubber". That's what makes us celebrities.
VAJ7 - Her: Why, we were in the movie business in New Reno. We made hundreds of films, many of them classics, like "Top Bun," "Frisky Bizness," and "Days of Rubber". That's what makes us celebrities. Him: But then, as a member of the industry, you already knew that.
VAJ8 - Her: Oh, yes, you should definitely make your own choices. Him: And with the Hub's latest book, you can learn how to make the RIGHT choice!
VAJ9 - Him: More questions? Then we have the answers! Provided by the Great Wheel's graces, of course.
VAJ10 - Her: [blank icy look] Him: Thank you.
VAJ11 - Him: Dead? Ha ha! Perhaps. We like to think that he aligned all his neurodynes and went to join the Star Father. Her: We have extensive use of his jotted notes and barely-begun manuscripts to spread the word of the Hub. Him: For example, we found a scrap that said: "2 doz. eggs/Milk/TP". Obviously this is significant. It needs to be heard.
VAJ12 - Him: Yes. Some might think we resemble certain people. Her: But the truth is, it's entirely coincidental.
VAJ13 - Her: Of course you have your free will. You have the choice to allow your neurodynes to be filled with the filth of the world. Him: You have the choice to live a joyless, meaningless existence in the rat race. Both: Or you can come to a greater understanding of life through the Great Wheel.
VAJ14 - Her: You dare call the Hub (praise his vision) a crackpot? Here? In a stronghold devoted to his study? Him: Get out of here. If you talk to anyone on the way out, you will be attacked. Infidel. Both: Good riddance.
VAJ15 - Her: Neurodynes are the essence of souls destroyed in the Great War, polluting your spiritual essence and guiding you astray. Him: If you want to know more about our teachings, you'll have to join our church.
VAJ16 - Him: That's very forward-thinking of you. Her: Very enlightened. Him: We offer our opinions to people - and if our celebrity can attract more believers, we're anxious to use it.
VAJ17 - Him: Well, it's very simple. We just give you this informational holodisc. Her: ... you sit through a short movie... Him:... and then you go talk to AHS-7! Her: Easy, isn't it?
VAJ18 - Her: That's your prerogative. Him: And I hope you'll understand that you can't be allowed to wander our base. Her: So you had better leave - the guards will probably shoot at you if you stick around.
VAJ19 - Him: This is your last chance to change your mind. Her: We'd hate to see anything bad happen to you.
VAJ20 - Him: We've done everything we can for you. Her: Good luck in your travels.
VAJ21 - Her: Dave? The computer guy? Him: Ha ha! What a loser! Vikki is mine, all mine - no way he'll... excuse me, this is negative energy I'm channeling. I must have fouled my neurodynes. Her: [whispers to you] I think Dave's a cutie, but nothing can happen while Juan is around. Him: Whew. Neurodyne is all clear again.
VAJ22 - Her: That wasn't so bad, was it? Him: Now just go talk to AHS-7 and we'll be comrades in Hubology! Her: I'm so excited! Him: Getting new recruits makes me horny. Her: Oh, honey... Him: Oh, baby...
VAJ23 - Him: Too bad. Her: You're committed now.
VAJ24 - Him: You made a life-altering decision. Her: And sadly, it was the wrong one. Both: Guards! Guards!
VAJ25 - Him: Greetings, Wanderer. I hope your enlightenment is going well. Her: We do have such... large... hopes for you.
VAJ26 - Him: You could talk to Harry Rocket on the surface. Maybe he needs some help. Her: Or you could talk to AHS-7 or AHS-9. They usually have ideas. Him: Or you could watch the PrayScreen. Her: Or you could cause mischief among the enemies of the Wheel.
VAJ27 - Her: As sad as it is - because the Star Father knows you're a cutie - we probably shouldn't. Him: But we're both flattered! Her: Maybe sometime we can all go to New Reno and make a film together.
VAJ28 - Her: Lying is bad for your neurodynes. Him: That's right. Her: That's why I have to be honest and say I don't find you attractive. Him: But we still love you as a fellow follower of the Hub!
VAJ29 - Him: Now just go talk to AHS-7 and we'll be comrades in Hubology! Her: I'm so excited! Him: Getting new recruits makes me horny. Her: Oh, honey... Him: Oh, baby...
