AHS71 - You. State your business.
AHS72 - You again? What?
AHS73 - Ah, poor child. Would you like to be aligned?
AHS74 - Poor child. Already aligned, yet unable to articulate. Go on in.
AHS75 - Go in and find Juan and Vikki. They can help you. Good luck, child.
AHS76 - ::his voice hardens:: Then I see no reason you should be admitted here. Good day.
AHS77 - Very well. Be quick, though - he's a busy, busy man.
AHS78 - This is not a place that is open for random tours. Good day.
AHS79 - Excellent! Go in, go in. Speak to Juan Cruz and Vikki Goldman - they're celebrities, you know, but they'll talk to YOU.
AHS710 - I am AHS-7, the second in command of this facility. Before you ask: AHS stands for Aligned Hub Seeker, which means that I have cleared seven levels of neurodynes from my spirit. This means that I am more enlightened and closer to the hub of the Great Wheel than you. And this means that you will tell me what you want here. Now.
AHS711 - They're stars from New Reno. They heard the truth behind our gospel and came to cleanse their neurodynes.
AHS712 - You can find them in the prayer room, showing all our new recruits and the raw meat just how rewarding it is to be a Hubologist.
AHS713 - So now you've spoken to Juan and Vikki. Are you interested in joining our friends in the search for enlightenment to the Great Wheel?
AHS714 - ::he smiles:: You won't regret this. You may have the run of the compound. Oh... you're a person who knows how to use a weapon. Would you care to use yours in the service of the Great Wheel?
AHS715 - Do not wait too long before returning with a reply. Your neurodynes will be filled with more and more pollution until we can begin the cleansing process.
AHS716 - You may leave this compound safely, traveler, but I would recommend not returning. If you do not travel with us, then you work against us - and I would hate to see you hurt.
AHS717 - Torch us? TORCH US? GUARDS! KILL THE UNBELIEVER!
AHS718 - So. You have now had time to reconsider your decision. Will you join us?
AHS719 - You do not have more time. Make your choice, meat.
AHS720 - The oppressive Shi have been contesting our power and wreaking havoc among our brethren with their neurodyne-influencing ways. We believe that if their Emperor is killed, they will see the error of their ways. Will you kill the Emperor?
AHS721 - Perhaps you will reconsider. Let me know if you do. Now, is there anything the Hub can provide for you, recruit?
AHS722 - Have you thought on aiding us in our struggle against the oppressive Shi? The Star Father will bless you if you take part in our crusade.
AHS723 - Perhaps I can ease your troubled soul. What do you need?
AHS724 - Let us know when you have completed your task.
AHS725 - Have you removed the Emperor's oppressive stain from this material existence?
AHS726 - The de facto leader of the Tanker vagrants is a piece of anti-therapeutic raw meat named Badger. With his death, they will come to understand our position. Will you remove him?
AHS727 - So... have you reconsidered whether you would remove this "Badger"?
AHS728 - Have you removed this "Badger"?
AHS729 - His people shall embrace the Hub! All will be well! You have performed a great service!
AHS730 - Now that the ship is filled with fuel, we await only the word of AHS-9 the Great and Terrible to achieve liftoff.
AHS731 - Aside from the precious fuel we need to launch ourselves into the bosom of our starry brethren on the planet Quetzel, I can't think of a place. Perhaps the Shi?
AHS732 - I understand the Shi have a massive tank of fuel. Maybe you can steal it from them.
AHS733 - Simply use the holodisk Juan and Vikki provided to you and check out the Glossary.
AHS734 - When AHS-9 receives his vision from the Hub, we will leave, and join him in celestial glory!
AHS735 - He's usually in his lab, working on ways to perfect our bodies and our spirits.
AHS736 - Before you can truly be one of us, we must perform an initial zeta scan - an alignment. Are you prepared for your scan?
AHS737 - Without a scan, you cannot join us. Are you sure you wish to refuse?
AHS738 - We have eliminated some of your dirtiest neurodynes. You are now rated as AHS-1. Are you ready to join our noble cause?
