SKEET1 - Funny you should ask that. Ya see, cars use replaceable fuel cells, or batteries, for fuel. What usually broke down was the Fuel Cell Controller. Most amateur mechanics jist assume that it's the battery itself. But you know what ass-uming things does, dontcha?
SKEET2 - Well, assuming something makes an ass out of you and me. Get it? That's still a good one, ain't it? Heh heh! I haven't used that for years.
SKEET3 - Yep. Sure do. Got it right here. Jist waitin' fer a car to be put into. You got a car?
SKEET4 - Well, money's nice, but I need sumthin' else right now. Sumthin' I cain't get for myself.
SKEET5 - Great. You've got my Plasma Regulator. Thanks. Now I owe you some free work. What did you want me to work on? I'll tell you how much it would've cost, but this one's already paid for.
SKEET6 - Thanks for fixin' up our atomic reactor. It shore needed some work. I woulda show'd 'em how, but they don't trust me in there anymore. They got that idjit loudmouth Festus doin' all the work now. 
SKEET7 - Did you get my 3-Step Plasma Transformer yet?
SKEET8 - Hello there, I'm Skeeter. I sort of put things together here.
SKEET9 - Whaddya need?
SKEET10 - What do ya want me to look at?
SKEET11 - Hmm, I can attach this scope you've got to that rifle of yours.
SKEET12 - Hmm, I thought so. Well, ya see, I cain't do nuthin' with your [Selected partname]. You need to have sumthin' else for me to do sumthin' with it.
SKEET13 - There ya go. I think that ought to work for you all right. Anything else?
SKEET14 - Hmm, you don't have enough money to cover the cost of working on that. Got sumthin' else ya want me ta look at?
SKEET15 - Mostly I jist sorta tinker with things. Take 'em apart an try to put 'em all back t'gether... mostly. Make 'em work better... sometimes. Keepin' myself outta trouble. Know what I mean?
SKEET16 - You're lookin' fer a GECK, huh? Well, I don't rightly know where ya might find one of them thar things. I know that Vault City prolly used ta have themselves one.
SKEET17 - They sure did. That's how come they're so darn well off. It sure ain't 'cause they know what to do. It's 'cause the GECK done started up their crops, and got their town running when they came outta the Vault.
SKEET18 - Well, lemme see here now. As I recollect, most Vaults were s'posed to have themselves a GECK. You might try lookin fer another vault somewheres.
SKEET19 - Ta be right-honest with ya, I jist dunno. If'n I get all da parts together, I jist get sort of a feel fer how they all goes together. Know whatta mean?
SKEET20 - Well, yup. But you see, it's right edu-ma-cated guesswork. That's what it is. Know whatta mean?
SKEET21 - These days, good tools is harder to git than parts is. I need myself a bran' new Super Tool Kit. Snap-sumthin brand's best.
SKEET22 - I reckon that the best place to go an' git that would be down in Vault City somewheres. They've got all kinds of tools, but they sure as heck wouldn't give 'em to a ghoul, no how.
SKEET23 - Egg-zactly. That's the deal. One Super Tool Kit for one Fuel Cell Controller.
SKEET24 - Well, now. You could do that, maybe. Then agin, you might be in fer a little surprise there. I might be tougher than you think. Then again, mebbe you'd jist be slittin' yur own throat. I kin be pretty useful puttin' items together. Always nice to know someone's able to do that, ain't it?
SKEET25 - Hey there! Yur back with my repair kit. Mmm, Snap-off -- they're the best. Ready to trade?
SKEET26 - I see that you've got a mighty fine tool kit there. Snap-off, ain't it? I'll trade you this Fuel Cell Controller for it.
SKEET27 - That's a mighty fine trade. You should be able to jist plug that sucker in and git your car a'workin'.
SKEET28 - That's a mighty fine trade. You should be able to jist plug that sucker in and git your car a'workin'. You know I could do you another favor by fixin' up some of yur stuff for free, too.
SKEET29 - Well, ya see, I need a darn 3-Step Plasma Transformer. An the only place I can figger to git one is from the supply room.
SKEET30 - I kinda wore out my welcome there. An it was only a little fire, too. Coulda happened to jist anyone. Anyhow, they won't let me anywhere's inside the reactor building now. I need someone else to git my part for me. 
SKEET31 - Youz gotta git yourself a Supply Requisition Form. Once you have that, jist give it to Jeremy in the Supply Room and he'll give you any darn thing you want. You can get Supply Requisitions from Harold or Festus.
SKEET32 - Harold's in the Settlement, and Festus is in the reactor control room. But you might have to kind of get the forms on the sly, if ya know what I mean.
SKEET33 - Well, err, yeah. I guess so. You might ask them, but I wouldn't put your chances too high there.
SKEET34 - Didja come here to take me up on that work I owe you?
SKEET35 - I'm sorry. You don't have anything that I can use that with. Anything else?
SKEET36 - Let's see. It's going to cost you $[Cost of combining item a with item b]. Do you want to do that?
SKEET37 - Once I put things together they stay put. You cain't pull 'em apart later and attach 'em to other things. Better pick right the first time, I guess.
SKEET38 - I was wunderin' where the heck my Repair Kit is. You did say you were gonna git it, didn't ya? I cain't rightly do much fer ya without that. Sorry. Should be plenty of 'em available in Vault City.
SKEET39 - What do ya want me to look at?
SKEET40 - [Spots your magnum revolver.] I can rig a speed loader on that there magnum for free.
SKEET41 - Hmm, that Desert Eagle would sure be a sweet rig with an expanded magazine. I can do that for free.
SKEET42 - [Spots your magnum revolver.] I can rig a speed loader on that there magnum for free. Hmm, that Desert Eagle would sure be a sweet rig with an expanded magazine. I can do that for free.
SKEET43 - [Spots your magnum revolver.] I can rig a speed loader on that there magnum, but it will cost you.
SKEET44 - Hmm, that Desert Eagle would sure be a sweet rig with an expanded magazine. If you pay me I can get it done.
SKEET45 - [Spots your magnum revolver.] I can rig a speed loader on that there magnum, but it will cost you. Also, that Desert Eagle would sure be a sweet rig with an expanded magazine. If you pay me I can get it done.
SKEET46 - You want that melee weapon juiced up? I can *supercharge* it for free.
SKEET47 - You want that melee weapon juiced up? I can *supercharge* it, you'll have to pay me of course.
SKEET48 - [Skeeter takes the item and looks it over with a weird gleam in his eye.] Well, this is a mite challengin', but I think I can fix this up real nice for ya. Just sit tight for a while. [Skeeter takes the weapon over to his workbench and locks it in a really big vise.]
SKEET49 - [As you wait you can see Skeeter's back as he works on your weapon. You don't know exactly what he's doing but that weird chuckle and all the pounding are making you nervous.]
SKEET50 - [More pounding and cackling as you wait some more....]
SKEET51 - There you go. [You wake suddenly as Skeeter takes your weapon from the workbench - you can see a number of small shiny, metal parts lingering on the bench as Skeeter returns your weapon to you.] That *should* do it, I reckon. Give 'er a try.
