IANOJ1 - Hello. Haven't seen you in a while.
IANOJ2 - Well, it has been a while. What have you been up to?
IANOJ3 - Sure has. Well, I've been around; finally ended up here in this god-forsaken place. Not like the good old days. No sir.
IANOJ4 - Don't remember me, do you? Well, you do seem to be a bit young.
IANOJ5 - You look so familiar, though. Ah, must be my old eyes. Well, good day to you.
IANOJ6 - Yeah, we sure gave the Master hell, didn't we? Shit fell apart after you left, though. Had to move around and change my name. Where'd you end up?
IANOJ7 - Well, you better be careful around here. Things ain't as clear as they once were. You best watch your back.
IANOJ8 - Yeah, I looked for your Vault for a while, but never found it. So you got any good stories for your old friend Ian?
IANOJ9 - Yeah, Ian. Don't you remember me? It's been a bunch of years. You'd think someone wouldn't forget his best buddy. Well... except for the shooting in the back thing. Sorry about that again.
IANOJ10 - Well, that makes a bit more sense. Well, it's good to hear my friend did well. Well, old Ian's got some advice for you. You be careful out there. This place ain't as peachy as it seems. 
IANOJ11 - Well, the Vault Citizens think very highly of their bloodline and don't care much for people like me and you. You take this. It'll protect you if things get a little out of control. You probably shouldn't be seen talking with this crazy old man. Best get on your way.
IANOJ12 - Connar, huh? He's a good guy. I've been keeping my eye on things for him. So what exactly does Connar want, now?
IANOJ13 - Ah, so that's his new plan, eh? Well, head over to Happy Harry's general store. Tell Harry Connar sent you, and he should be able to fix you up -- I believe he's got some guns stashed away for just such an occasion. But if you ask me, I'm not sure this is the best way to handle things.
IANOJ14 - Connar and his people have that strong fighting spirit, but it won't be enough in this case. Vault City have nearly unlimited resources, and eventually, they'll win out. Sometimes, it's best to talk things out and try to reason with people. That's a lesson I learned from my old friend, the Vault Dweller. Senior Council Member McClure has shown to be a reasonable man. Perhaps some agreement can be made with him?
IANOJ15 - Yeah, what about them?
IANOJ16 - That, I'm not sure about. A bunch of ghouls came by with them. They were carrying strange amulets and talking about some "Renewal". That's pretty much all I know. You might wanna check out Gecko though. That place is bustling with ghouls. Speaking of big rats, did I ever tell you about the time the Vault Dweller and I went to Vault 15?
IANOJ17 - Ah, so that's his new plan, eh? Yeah, Connar's a good man, but he doesn't always think things all the way through. Sometimes, it's best to talk things out and try to reason with people. That's a lesson I learned from my old friend, the Vault Dweller.
IANOJ18 - He'd be your best bet. He is the only one on the council that has a reasonable soul left.
IANOJ19 - Senior Council Member McClure is a smart man here in Vault City. Perhaps some agreement can be made with him?
IANOJ20 - Alright, let's hear it.
IANOJ21 - [He barks gruff laughter for awhile; finally, he settles down and wipes a couple tears from his eyes.] Oh, that's rich. Burnt to death by a flame thrower, ha! You see, I told the Vault Dweller to make up some story about how I died, 'cause I didn't want any of our old enemies trying to hunt me down -- that's why I changed my name. I told him to have me going down in a blaze of glory, and it looks like he took that literally. Ha, that's classic.
IANOJ22 - Hey, I'm just as confused as you are. Who knows? Maybe it's got something to do with all that radiation I was exposed to back in the old days. Hell, when we went to the Glow, I remember the Vault Dweller was popping Rad-X like candy, but did he offer any to ol' Ian? Of course not. I think he was still upset over a little friendly fire mishap. Heh heh. [Sigh.] Those were some good times.
