MARGE1 - You aren't exactly my favorite person right now.
MARGE2 - Hey, thanks for getting me that excavator chip. Things are really going smooth for the Kokoweef Mine now.
MARGE3 - I'll give you $1,000 for that excavator chip.
MARGE4 - Have any luck getting that excavator chip?
MARGE5 - Hey, thanks for breaking up that brawl. Sometimes my miners get a little out of line, but they're a good sort when they're not all Jetted up.
MARGE6 - Thanks for putting those Morningstar troublemakers behind bars. That's where they belong. How can I help you?
MARGE7 - I can't believe you'd put any of my boys in jail. I'm sure that those damn Morningstar thugs started that fight. Now what do you want?
MARGE8 - I sure wish you hadn't jailed my miners like that. Just jailing those Morningstar hooligans would have kept the peace in town. What do you want?
MARGE9 - You sure know how to spank a baby with an axe, don't you? Nobody needed to die over a bar-brawl. Just what the hell do you want from me, anyway?
MARGE10 - Hello there. I'm Marge. Marge LeBarge, and I run this mine.
MARGE11 - What can Marge do you for?
MARGE12 - Gold, of course. We mine it right here at the Kokoweef, and then ship it to Vault City, New Reno, and the New California Republic.
MARGE13 - Sure do. Everyone likes gold. You should talk to the caravan master, James Hoffy, if you're real curious about it.
MARGE14 - A Garden of Eden Creation Kit, huh? Sounds pretty impressive. If I had something like that you sure wouldn't find me grubbing around in the dirt to make ends meet, now would you?
MARGE15 - Heck no. I was born way up north. Right on the edge of a lake. Lake LeBarge, it was.
MARGE16 - Just some rumors is all.
MARGE17 - Well, there's always rumors... but I do have something that needs doing.
MARGE18 - I've got a great big ol' digger machine down in my mine. Problem is that the control chip for it don't work anymore. I need a new one if I want to expand my operations.
MARGE19 - The Great Wanamingo Mine, just west of town, should have one of those same excavator machines. It's been abandoned for quite a while, so I'm guessing that they still have a working chip in their machine.
MARGE20 - It isn't as easy as all that. You see, the Great Wanamingo Mine's haunted. People go there and they don't come back. That's the big reason it's been shut down. Used to be a high-roller type place. Not any more, though.
MARGE21 - I'll give you $1,000 for that chip. McGrew over at the Morningstar'd probably give you the same, but he's all for those damn New Reno thugs. I can't stand those violent bastards. So let me give you the money, okay?
MARGE22 - Well, it isn't a cakewalk, sweetheart. But you look like someone who can take care of themselves. Anyhow, you bring me the chip and you get the cash. Interested?
MARGE23 - Great. The sooner you get back here with the excavator chip, the better.
MARGE24 - Well, there's always the usual rumors about Redding being taken over, or about Wanamingos coming out of the graveyard at night. Heck, someone even said that they saw some kind of flying machine go overhead a few months ago.
MARGE25 - What else were you curious about?
MARGE26 - Well, people always talk about Vault City taking over to get our gold. Or one of the families in New Reno getting everyone hooked on their dope in order to take over. Or even the NCR wanting to annex us. I tell you, the NCR's our best bet - but they're all just out for our gold. Redding's still independent, so far.
MARGE27 - A Wanamingo's just the single orneriest critter there is. Tall as two men, stronger than a bull brahmin, and with flappin' suckers instead of arms. Can't be hurt with guns, neither. S'posedly, injuns called 'em up for revenge on the white-man for what the war did. I don't put much stock in that, though.
MARGE28 - Oh, yeah. Well, a couple of my miners were flying a bit themselves - Jetting around, if you catch my drift - a while back. They swore up-and-down that they saw a ship fly past, going southwest.
MARGE29 - Well, Dan and his Morningstar boys favor those mobsters from New Reno. I guess that Redding'll be one big Jet addict slum before too long.
MARGE30 - In a town this size, everyone knows more than they want to about everyone else. So how about it?
MARGE31 - $1,000. Right here, right now. You want it or not?
MARGE32 - Think you'll get a better offer? Think again, pal. I don't think you'll find a better offer. But I guess it's your time.
MARGE33 - You made the right choice. Thanks. I'm going to get right on this so we can put that excavator machine to work.
MARGE34 - Yeah? Gee, thanks. I'm getting all warm and cuddly feeling inside. What do you want?
MARGE35 - Why not? Actually, I don't know where the name came from. I think it's always been called that. Even before I got here. It's got kind of a romantic sound to it, don't it? Ko-ko-weef. Yeah, I still like the way that sounds.
