ROSE1 - Welcome to Rose's Bed and Breakfast. My, aren't you the strapping young man. What can Rose help you with today?
ROSE2 - Welcome to Rose's Bed and Breakfast. Oh my, what a pretty young lady you are. What can Rose do for you today?
ROSE3 - Glad to see you again! What can I do for you?
ROSE4 - It's the hero of Modoc! Welcome back.
ROSE5 - Oh my! It's you. Everyone is talking about how you risked your life for us, and solved the mystery of the Ghost Farm. Know that you are always welcome here, and of course all your meals are on the house. You may also rummage through the lost and found box and take whatever you wish as a special reward.
ROSE6 - That's what I like to hear. A growing young boy needs to eat to keep up his strength, and I can tell you haven't been eating properly. You just sit right down and look at the menu.
ROSE7 - And so you should be. When was the last time you had a good meal, young lady? Why, you're as thin as a rail. You just look at the menu and tell Rose what you would like to eat.
ROSE8 - Oh, I'm sorry, but you don't seem to have enough money. Why don't you come back later?
ROSE9 - Back for some more, I see. You must really like brahmin fries. I'm sorry; since you hold the record, you can't enter the contest again until somebody else breaks your score.
ROSE10 - Brahmin fries it is, then. We have a contest on who can eat the most Brahmin fries; so far, the record is 36. If you break the record, you don't have to pay the tab for your meal. You look like you'd be able to beat the record with no problem. Are you interested in trying?
ROSE11 - Oh, that's just grand. Each order consists of 10 pieces. I'll have to ask you for the money up front. I'll refund it as soon as you break the record. That'll be $20, please.
ROSE12 - [Rose takes the money and comes back with a heaping platter of brahmin fries. They are not quite what you expected. They appear to be about the size of golf balls, covered in batter and fried in oil to a deep, golden brown. You take a tentative bite of one of the fries. These are delicious! You start into the meal with zeal.]
ROSE13 - [At around the 34th fry, you start to feel the effects of overeating. A crowd has gathered to witness the historic event of the old record being broken. In an attempt to regain your composure, you strike up a conversation with Rose.]
ROSE14 - [You pop a fry into your mouth.] 'Mmff... splt... mnch...' Don't talk with your mouth full, dear. [You swallow.]
ROSE15 - Oh, it's no secret. You just dip them in batter, add some salt and fry in grease. [You pop another one in your mouth.]
ROSE16 - That's 37! You just broke the record! [The crowd cheers!]
ROSE17 - [The crowd yells, "38!"] Well, what makes ours taste so special is that you have to harvest it while the brahmin is still alive. You just grab the brahmin by the scrotum and 'snip' four with one cut. You've got be careful; the brahmin usually gets riled up at that point.
ROSE18 - We can't count that last one, but you broke the record at 37! Here's your money back. Congratulations!
ROSE19 - Ah, that's my specialty. I hope you're hungry; I guarantee you've never tasted an omelet like this one anywhere. [She leaves and returns with the biggest damn omelet you've ever seen.]
ROSE20 - [She quickly returns with a glass of some brownish liquid substance. It appears that there is more dirt than water in the glass. However, you are so thirsty that you drink it anyway.] I brought a cookie for you to enjoy with that, sweetie.
ROSE21 - [She quickly disappears behind the counter and returns with your order.]
ROSE22 - I'm sorry, sweetie, I'm quite busy serving customers. Maybe if you ordered something I'll have time to chat with you between orders.
ROSE23 - Sure, but make it quick, dear. I don't want to keep the other customers waiting.
ROSE24 - Oh dear! Have you been talking to my husband Cornelius? This whole business with the watch is just terrible. Cornelius has got the whole town believing that his best friend, Farrel, took his watch. If you've talked to him, I'm sure you've noticed his mind isn't quite functioning properly. I'm pretty sure the poor dear just left the watch somewhere and forgot where.
ROSE25 - Now, if you don't need anything else, I have other customers to serve.
ROSE26 - Did you say GECK? No, I can't say that I have. I have heard of good soup recipe that requires three geckos. But no, I haven't heard of anything about a GECK.
ROSE27 - [She shivers involuntarily.] Stay away from there! I've heard tales from travelers about rotting bodies tied to stakes, and glowing shapes moving through the fields at night. I don't know how much of this is true, but I do know a while back Karl moved out there and hasn't been seen since.
ROSE28 - Ah, you've had the desert omelet. Delicious, wasn't it? Some people say it has healing properties. [She looks around nervously.] Oh! Some customers just came in. I'll be right back. [Hmm... She never answered your question.]
ROSE29 - Our burgers are made of nothing but the choicest, select, grade-A dog. The meat is ground up and made into half-pound patties. And to give it that unique smoky flavor, they are slow grilled over dried brahmin dung.
ROSE30 - You poor thing. You look half starved. Come sit down and let Rose get you something to eat. [She leaves and returns with a large omelet.] Now, you don't move from that spot until you finish every bit of that.
ROSE31 - Sorry, we're full up. A large caravan has all the rooms rented.
ROSE32 - Really!? You must be really thirsty. I raised the price to discourage customers from ordering it. Drinking water is at a premium out here, with the lack of rain and the well drying up. Do you still want some?
ROSE33 - I'm sorry, we stopped serving omelets. Some fool broke into our coop and killed our... chicken.
