CHRIS1 - Howdy, stranger. Whoa baby! Check out that set of wheels. Ain't seen one of those in years. What can old Chris do for you?
CHRIS2 - Howdy, stranger. Ain't seen you around these parts before. What can old Chris do for you?
CHRIS3 - You look familiar. Old Chris thinks he's seen you before... Nope, can't be.
CHRIS4 - This here's my place, Chris's. It's a service station - ain't you ever seen one of those, in old magazines and such? That's what I got here - a service station.
CHRIS5 - Navarro? Ain't heard that name in ages. Old military base southeast of San Fran, and that's a ways south of here.
CHRIS6 - Huh? Uh... Well sure it is. I heard tell of it a while back! Navarro military base, southeast of San Francisco.
CHRIS7 - Fuck you! (takes a radio out of robe) You want to see sorry? I got some boys who'll show you a whole new meaning for the word! (starts to turn the radio on)
CHRIS8 - (speaking into radio) Alert! We got an intruder at the station! Alert!
CHRIS9 - Yeah, right. Well, nice talking with you. Here's some advice though - ain't nothing in these parts except wasteland and radiation. Civilization's south of here. I'd be heading that way if I was you.
CHRIS10 - Well, nice talking with you. Here's some advice though - ain't nothing in these parts except wasteland and radiation. Civilization's south of here. I'd be heading that way if I was you.
CHRIS11 - Metal birds? Oh, you must mean vertibirds. Now why would you be asking about them here?
CHRIS12 - Vertibirds? That's an interesting subject. Now why would you be asking about them here?
CHRIS13 - Shaman? Look here; if your shaman says he sees things flying around and scooping up people then he's been sniffing too many herbs. Got it?
CHRIS14 - Well, that doesn't mean anything to me, but in case I see one of these vertibirds, whom should I be telling?
CHRIS15 - The Shi, huh? Well if you say so. I'll send word to 'em down in Chiny town. Meanwhile, I got things to do.
CHRIS16 - The Brotherhood... Uh, yeah, well, I'll do just that. Meanwhile, I got things to do.
CHRIS17 - The Hubs? Yeah, sure, I'll send word if something comes up. Meanwhile, I got things to do.
CHRIS18 - Damn, that's a hell of a list... Uh, well, if something comes up I'll... Yeah, well, I got some things to do.
CHRIS19 - Uh... Hey, I'm just told to shy off visitors and such. I don't want the kind of trouble you're talking.
CHRIS20 - I suppose that would be through the trap door in the floor of my room. Just go and leave me be.
CHRIS21 - I know they fly over here from time to time. They're usually heading south toward San Fran. If you're interested in vertibirds, I'd head there.
CHRIS22 - Enclave? That a group or something? That don't ring no chimes with me. What you want with 'em?
CHRIS23 - Join up? You're a tribal! What makes you think they'd want a tribal?
CHRIS24 - Join up? You're a tribal! What makes you think they'd want a tribal, and his posse no less?
CHRIS25 - Wait a minute, dummy. Are you trying to say you're one of the Enclave replacements?
CHRIS26 - Wait a minute. Are you trying to say you're one of the Enclave replacements?
CHRIS27 - Damn. Sorry for the hassles. I'm supposed to clear a bunch of newbies coming through here but I got to weed out the trash. Anyway, just go up to the gate, through the woods there, and give 'em the password. It's 'sheepshead.' Oh, and stay on the path!
CHRIS28 - Wait a minute, dummy. Are you trying to say you're one of the Enclave replacements? If that's the case, then why aren't you alone?
CHRIS29 - Wait a minute. Are you trying to say you're one of the Enclave replacements? If that's the case, then why aren't you alone?
CHRIS30 - Well, I don't mean to be rude or nothing, but this here's private property. If you're going to be poking around somewhere, don't be doing it here.
CHRIS31 - You're back. What can old Chris help you with?
CHRIS32 - What the...?!
CHRIS33 - Fuck you! You want to see sorry? I got some boys who'll show you a whole new meaning for the word! (starts to turn the radio on)
