ASCOR1 - Hello there; welcome to the fine city of Redding... and welcome to my casino. Everyone's an Ace here at Ascorti's. I'm Ascorti, proprietor and mayor of this fine town.
ASCOR2 - What can Mayor Ascorti do for you?
ASCOR3 - I run this here casino, and I help to run things in town, too. I keep track of things like deeds and such.
ASCOR4 - Deeds like the one to that Great Wanamingo Mine that I want to buy from you. Ready to sell it yet?
ASCOR5 - Well, just the one deed. The one I sold to you. You know, for the Great Wanamingo Mine?
ASCOR6 - Just that deed for the Great Wanamingo Mine that you sold back to me. Remember?
ASCOR7 - All kinds of private property. Why, right now, I have a Jim-dandy of a deed for sale.
ASCOR8 - It's the deed to the Great Wanamingo Mine just outside of town. I can sell it to you for only $1,000, too. Special offer; just your luck to hit me on a generous day like this.
ASCOR9 - Well, there are some dang critters in there that need to be killed before anyone will work the mine. If'n you were to buy the deed - and then kill off the critters infesting it - I'd be happy to buy the deed back off you for a nice profit.
ASCOR10 - No catch. No catch at all. You just have to evict some of the squatters that have taken up residence there. No hardship at all for a rugged customer like yourself. I can tell you more if you'd like.
ASCOR11 - Heck, more than double. I figure that's the least that your time's worth to you. I couldn't afford to pay any more than that. There's still a lot of work that needs to be put back into the mine before I can start to turn a profit with it.
ASCOR12 - $1,000 for the deed to the Great Wanamingo Mine. You want it?
ASCOR13 - I'll go ahead and record the Great Wanamingo Mine's deed in your name. Let me know when you've got it all cleared out, and I'll buy it back from you.
ASCOR14 - I can't really do that. I'm not a real danger-seeking kind of guy. I know my strengths and fighting just isn't one of them. Now you, you look like a real tough hombre. This should be just up your alley.
ASCOR15 - So, you clear out that mine yet?
ASCOR16 - You know, I don't think you got all of those damn Wanamingos. You better go back and check. I won't buy it back from you until every last one of them is dead.
ASCOR17 - You did a great job of clearing all them damn Wanamingos out of that mine, but you've got a problem.
ASCOR18 - You cleared out the whole mine. Thanks so much. Ready to sell me the deed? I'll give you $2,500 for it.
ASCOR19 - We call 'em Wanamingos. They're some kind of all-fired weird critter with nasty teeth and suckers or somesuch. Not too intelligent, but nasty up-close.
ASCOR20 - You've got it. I knew you weren't as slow as you look. You can be right quick when you're of a mind to be.
ASCOR21 - It was so homey-looking that someone else moved in. A nasty type by the name of Frog Morton, uh, and his gang too, from what I hear.
ASCOR22 - I guess it's because he's got a reputation for croaking people. He's a real nasty customer who won't be missed... and you'll be a hero. You'd like to be a hero, wouldn't you?
ASCOR23 - Well, until the mine is cleared out I can't send miners in to work it. So, if you want to sell me the mine, it's your problem.
ASCOR24 - I think you should go back to the Wanamingo Mine and kill off Frog and his gang. When you do that, you can come back here and I'll be happy to buy the mine from you.
ASCOR25 - You ready to sell that Wanamingo Mine deed back to me yet?
ASCOR26 - I hear that you've decided to help the Sheriff. Good. I can't afford to allow that deadbeat Rooney to keep her marvelous house.
ASCOR27 - I prefer to call it cozy, with flow-through seasonal ventilation. It's quite reasonably priced, too.
ASCOR28 - Let's see here... Mrs. Rooney owes me... yes, here it is, $120. That's it. $120.
ASCOR29 - That'll do it. Now she's current. Thanks for settling that account.
ASCOR30 - Thanks for clearing out my property, Sheriff. Now I can rent it to someone that can actually pay for it.
ASCOR31 - Why not? You should have. By kicking out Widow Rooney, you've enabled me to keep paying all of my employees. If I didn't pay them, then their families would go hungry. That's not right, is it?
ASCOR32 - It takes a big individual to do the right thing, even when that thing doesn't leave them feeling good. You did a hard thing, and you did it well. Have a beer on me.
ASCOR33 - No problem at all. Happy to wet the whistle of local law enforcement.
ASCOR34 - Today, maybe, but it's not always so lucky. I've got to maintain a good balance, good income. I owe it to my employees - as well as a little something for myself, of course.
ASCOR35 - I just wanted to thank you again for doing the right thing by Mrs. Rooney. I sure didn't want to kick that old gal out of her home.
ASCOR36 - You went too far with the Widow Rooney. She wasn't no threat to nobody. Why'd you have to go and kill her?
ASCOR37 - Had it coming? She weren't nothing but a little harmless old lady. You're plumb crazy. Just get out of here.
ASCOR38 - An accident? They still can't find all of her body parts. You just better make sure you don't make a habit out of accidents like that. They're bad for business.
ASCOR39 - Yes, I'm talking to you. Do you see anyone else around that I might be talking to? Get the hell out of my bar.
ASCOR40 - What? Are you deaf or just stupid? *I'm* talking to *you*, all right. Now get out!
ASCOR41 - Is everyone in your tribe this stupid? That's it. You want to dance? Then let's dance. Guards!
ASCOR42 - I hear you're working for Earl Marion as a sort of fill-in Sheriff until he gets better. That oughta keep your hands full for a while. Cain't think of any other real work for you in town, anyhow.
ASCOR43 - I hear you did a real good job of helping Sheriff Marion out. Town's been pretty quiet since you helped him out. I cain't rightly think of anything that would suit your talents.
ASCOR44 - I understand that Sheriff Earl Marion is looking for someone to fill in for him until his bum leg heals up a fetch. You might go talk to him. His office is just South of here, across the street.
ASCOR45 - Well, there's the Sheriff, and then the mine owners are looking for someone to retrieve some kind of part for one of their machines.
ASCOR46 - Heck, that's right. I hear you already went ahead and got that chip for one of 'em.
ASCOR47 - I don't know too much about it. You should go talk to either Dangerous Dan McGrew at the Morningstar Mine, or to Marge LeBarge at the Kokoweef Mine. They're both just north of the downtown area here, across from the graveyard.
ASCOR48 - Lately our gold shipments have started to slow down because the miners are spending too much time flying high on Jet.
ASCOR49 - Almost all of the miners are spending more time flying Jet than mining for gold... so our prices are up, and our exports are down. Bad for business all the way around.
ASCOR50 - Everyone's getting too high on Jet to work effectively. We aren't making but a tenth of our regular gold shipments, and we've jacked the price way up on that. This can't last.
ASCOR51 - Seems like everyone got a bad batch of Jet. All of the regular Jet Jockeys are going through some kind of massive detox. I guess something didn't agree with 'em. I don't know what all happened but I think it'll turn out for the better.
ASCOR52 - Things are almost back to normal. Everyone who was sick on Jet has just about sworn it off. Our mine production and shipping schedule is just about back up to normal, too. Looks like the worst is over.
ASCOR53 - A Garden of Eden Creation Kit? I think they made Vault City out of one of those. All of the vaults were supposed to have one, but there sure ain't one around here nowheres.
