DOCJ1 - Hello, I'm Doc Johnson, and my professional opinion is that you're looking a mite poorly. Need me to fix you up?
DOCJ2 - Looks like you came to the right person. I'm Doc Johnson and I can patch you up.
DOCJ3 - What have you folks been getting yourselves into? Let old Doc Johnson take a look at ya.
DOCJ4 - Got yourself all scraped up, huh? Well, let Doc Johnson take a look at that. Easy now, I'm a professional.
DOCJ5 - It's going to cost $50 to patch you up good as new.
DOCJ6 - It'll cost you $50 to have your friend all patched up. Good as new, I guarantee it.
DOCJ7 - Tell you what; I'll give you a group rate seeing as how you're all broken up. $100 to patch up the lot of you.
DOCJ8 - Looks like you're not doing too well there. I can cure what ails you for $100. You want me to try?
DOCJ9 - I'd sure like to help you, but you don't have enough to cover your bill. Medical supplies cost money.
DOCJ10 - Well, okay. I'll do it this once - but you better have the money to pay me next time.
DOCJ11 - That worked... once. Just like I told you. This time I need the money. You aren't going to get anything in this world for free - my services included.
DOCJ12 - Sorry. No money, no service. I can't give meds away to everyone who asks for them. I'd be broke inside of a week. You'll have to come back when you've got money to pay my fee.
DOCJ13 - What would you like to know?
DOCJ14 - What now?
DOCJ15 - What does this look like to you? A general store? No, I don't barter for medical services. I just want payment in honest gold dollars, thank you very much. Come back when you have some.
DOCJ16 - I might be able to provide you with some supplies; let's see what you've got in trade.
DOCJ17 - Did you get everything you need?
DOCJ18 - Well? Did that do it for you?
DOCJ19 - There you go. All better. That do it for you?
DOCJ20 - Wouldn't let that go too long. Some wounds fester and start oozing puss. Then there's always gangrene. Course, lately, I haven't used my knives as much as I'd like. Getting a bit rusty. Tell you what: Go ahead and let it go as long as you want. Maybe I can get some practice later on.
DOCJ21 - Lately, it seems as though more miners are spending their time flying on Jet than mining. If this keeps up, Redding's gold production will come to a halt. New Reno doesn't seem to mind, though.
DOCJ22 - All of the miners here are only working enough to get their next hit of Jet. Production here has really slowed down. If this keeps up, New Reno's going to own Redding.
DOCJ23 - All miners are doing here lately is getting high. Hardly anyone's mining for gold any more. I'm worried that New Reno's going to own this town. I sure wish there was a way to stop this Jet addiction.
DOCJ24 - Hello there. I'm Painless Doc Johnson. What can I do for you?
DOCJ25 - What can old Doc Johnson do for you this time?
DOCJ26 - Thanks to you, I'm turning this Jet problem around. That antidote of yours that I slipped into the Jet supply is doing a great job of grounding all those Jet Jockeys.
DOCJ27 - Thanks to the antidote that you brought me, Redding's problems with Jet are at an end. It looks as though New Reno will have to find another way to try and take over here.
DOCJ28 - A solution? What do you mean?
DOCJ29 - We sure do. Too much Jet, not enough work... but where did you hear about that?
DOCJ30 - New Reno sells Jet pretty cheap. Jet's real addictive, like nothing you've ever seen before. They figure that if they get enough people in an area using it, those people will do anything to get more. That gives them de facto control of an area - like Redding.
DOCJ31 - All of the Jet here in town is shipped here from the Mordino family in New Reno. It comes mostly in bulk packages, and then I process it into user-ampoules... so I end up selling all of it right here.
DOCJ32 - Not really. I guess they're so used to me processing the bulk batches of Jet into user-ampoules that they haven't even thought twice about it. I've been doing it for quite a while before this, and I've been the doctor here for a long time.
DOCJ33 - Well, everyone wants a part of the gold here in Redding, so we're going to be controlled by someone, eventually. I just want us to have the master that's going to do the best job for Redding.
DOCJ34 - The way I see it, Redding's best chance is with Vault City controlling things here. That's where I'm from - so I might be biased - but I really do think that Vault City can do a better job of helping the citizens of Redding.
DOCJ35 - Because they handle Vault City in a just and humane manner. They would do the same for Redding. I'm sure of it.
DOCJ36 - They'll realize the benefits soon enough. I'm certain that they'll welcome Vault City's administration with open arms, uh, eventually.
DOCJ37 - That's nonsense. Vault City does extend special privileges to citizens, but only because they're better qualified to enjoy those things than brutish non-citizens. Besides, everyone can qualify for Vault City citizenship if they pass the tests.
DOCJ38 - I fill the user-ampoules with Jet and then distribute it purely as a service to the people of Redding. I don't make a profit doing it. If I didn't do it, then some other quack would be preparing the drug with germ-encrusted, rusty equipment. I'd never get this population disease-free after that.
DOCJ39 - I'll thank you not to use such heavy sarcasm when you say that. Call it nobility if you like; I prefer practicality. The mine owners pay me a stipend to keep the miners relatively healthy and able to work. If I let someone else work with the Jet, I'd never be able to do the job I'm paid to do.
DOCJ40 - Dr. Troy? I know him. A wonderfully talented physician. We worked together when I was in Vault City. Tell me about this antidote.
DOCJ41 - Yes, that's where I received my medical training. I'm a Vault City citizen. I found that there are many places in the world that needed my medical expertise more than Vault City. So here I am. Now, about that antidote...
DOCJ42 - Indeed I will. Let me have it, then.
DOCJ43 - What's it worth to me? Why, you little weasel! I oughta...
DOCJ44 - Thank you. I'll make sure the miners get a little something *extra* with the next batch of Jet that they pick up.
DOCJ45 - Okay, you've got me. I'll give you $2,000 for it. That's all I've got.
DOCJ46 - You can do that, but you won't get a better price from me. That's really all I have.
DOCJ47 - I know McClure. He's on the Vault City council. What did he tell you?
DOCJ48 - Oh? And what did this rumor say?
DOCJ49 - That's true. The miners here are all getting high on Jet instead of working. So exports are down and prices are up. This situation can't last.
DOCJ50 - It's because my patients usually pass out before they get to screamin' too much. It's kind of a joke.
DOCJ51 - You can tell me. I'm a doctor.
DOCJ52 - I read something about that, too. It's not too hard to do if you've got the training. And the equipment.
DOCJ53 - Mostly. I have the skill and the training, but I don't have the implant material.
DOCJ54 - That means that we'll just have to improvise. I think I can get what I need from a set of standard combat armor. I can take the concussive protection plates and also the thermal cells from the armor.
DOCJ55 - Well, yes - but if I pack too much armor in, the patient sure isn't going to win any beauty prizes.
DOCJ56 - There are actually four different operations that can be performed. There's Dermal Impact Armor that protects against impact, and there's Phoenix Armor Implants that protects against heat. Then each one has an Assault Enhancement as well. You have to get the basic armor before you can get the Assault Enhancement.
DOCJ57 - What operation did you want to know about?
DOCJ58 - Which operation were you interested in?
DOCJ59 - According to what I've read, Dermal Impact Armor gives you 5% resistance to normal and explosive damage - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes about two days, one suit of Combat Armor (for parts), and it will cost you $5,000. This procedure should be fairly simple... I think. Hmm, you may not even scar all that badly.
DOCJ60 - You need to have the Dermal Impact Armor installed before I can give you the Assault Enhancement. But I'll tell you what it should do. The Assault Enhancement should give you a total of 10% resistance to normal and explosive damage - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes a few days and it'll cost you $30,000. In addition, you're not going to be too Charismatic after I finish. Cramming all those impact plates under your skin is going to make you look pretty damn angular, but in a very streamlined way. But who doesn't like the way a new car looks - I'll try not to give you tail-fins.
DOCJ61 - The Assault Enhancement of the Dermal Impact Armor should give you a total of 10% resistance to normal and explosive damage - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes a few days and it'll cost you $30,000. In addition, you're not going to be too charismatic after I finish. Cramming all those impact plates under your skin is going to make you look pretty damn angular, but in a very streamlined way. But who doesn't like the way a new car looks - I'll try not to give you tail-fins. Ready to begin?
DOCJ62 - According to the reports, Phoenix Armor Implants give you 5% resistance to thermal damage (fire, laser, and plasma) - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes a few days, one suit of Combat Armor (for the thermal-dissipative membranes), and it will cost you $8,000. Not to worry, though; this operation *should* create only minimal scarring - at least that's what I read.
DOCJ63 - You need to have the Phoenix Armor Implants before I can give you the Assault Enhancement. But I'll tell you what it should do. The Assault Enhancement should give you a total of 10% resistance to thermal damage (fire, laser, and plasma) - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes a few days and it'll cost you $48,000. In addition, you're not going to be too charismatic after I finish. Layering all those thermal dissipaters under your skin is going to make you look a bit lumpy, sort of like an overstuffed burrito.
DOCJ64 - The Assault Enhancement of the Phoenix Armor Implants should give you a total of 10% resistance to thermal damage (fire, laser, and plasma) - over and above any other armor you're wearing. The operation takes a few days and it'll cost you $48,000. In addition, you're not going to be too Charismatic after I finish. Cramming all those impact plates under your skin is going to make you look a bit lumpy, sort of like an overstuffed burrito. Ready to begin?
DOCJ65 - There, that should do it. The operation was a success. You shouldn't have to worry about bumps and bruises so much anymore. That swelling and tenderness will go down in a few days.
DOCJ66 - I wouldn't have thought that your skin could accommodate so many of those impact plates, but you're ready for action now. You not only look sort of like Frankenstein, but you should be as tough as him as well. Uh, try to stay out of the sun until most of the scabs slough off.
DOCJ67 - That turned out rather well, I think. The Phoenix Armor implanted much more neatly than I would have thought it would. That burning and itching feeling will probably go away in a few weeks... once your innards get used to the fibers.
DOCJ68 - Coming around, are we? You're just jam-packed with thermal-dissipaters and dissipative membranes. You won't look quite so lumpy in a few weeks, but you won't be winning any beauty pageants again, either. Try not to pick at the pus-crusts near the drainage incisions until they stop suppurating.
