MYNOC1 - Hello, Chosen One. Off to find the GECK?
MYNOC2 - Well, may the gods watch over you.
MYNOC3 - What do you want to know?
MYNOC4 - Very well, but don't waste too much time. Without the GECK, we're doomed.
MYNOC5 - The traders? They come from Klamath about every two months. There won't be another here for a month or more, but Klamath's only a few days east of here.
MYNOC6 - Looks like a metal water gourd. Maybe the vault sent it to us as an omen.
MYNOC7 - I hope you do.
MYNOC8 - Why? Look around you -- our village dies. The gardens wither and every day children and old ones collapse. You must bring Eden to us before it is too late!
MYNOC9 - I don't remember his name, just that he was old and loud -- too loud for proper manners -- but he knew many things. He was from Klamath, east like I said.
MYNOC10 - Are you still here? You must go find the GECK. Staying here doesn't help us.
MYNOC11 - That was quick! Have you found the holy Vault 13?
MYNOC12 - You have? Wonderful! Did you bring back the GECK?
MYNOC13 - No? Chosen One, three old ones have died since you left. You must not waste any more time.
MYNOC14 - Well, why are you talking to me? Talk to them, and get the GECK.
MYNOC15 - What news of the GECK, Chosen One?
MYNOC16 - Well, look, it's the Chosen One.
MYNOC17 - No, I've no time for you.
MYNOC18 - Greetings, dull one! See bridge? You cross, you be careful. Bridge dangerous. You not want to fall. Okay?
MYNOC19 - My father taught me how to make stronger blades than most. Get me a piece of flint and I'll fix your spear, too. You'll need it in the wilderness.
MYNOC20 - They say your Aunt Morlis has been hoarding a piece. She's so ill-tempered I don't think anyone's asked her. Of course, the witch will want something in return.
MYNOC21 - Did you talk your aunt out of her flint?
MYNOC22 - It's a good piece. Give me your spear.
MYNOC23 - Now, you put the pieces like so...
MYNOC24 - The Chosen One without a spear? Well, you'll have to take one of mine. Now, let's get to work...
MYNOC25 - Here is your new spear.
MYNOC26 - Welcome home, Chosen One! Did you find the vault? Have you returned with the GECK?
MYNOC27 - Things are not going well, Chosen One. The drought is getting worse and our crops are sure to fail. We are trying to salvage what we can to build up our food reserves.
MYNOC28 - We are a simple people and have little to offer in trade. The few towns that we have contacted while you were away have shown no interest in helping us.
MYNOC29 - You are our only hope, Chosen One. Please do not fail us!
MYNOC30 - It is good to see you, Chosen One. How fares your quest?
MYNOC31 - You must hurry. Things are getting worse here at home. Soon there will be little food and the Elder speaks of rationing what we have. I fear for the future of Arroyo.
MYNOC32 - Chosen One! Please tell me that you have completed your quest. Our village is dying, and so are our people. 
MYNOC33 - I am sorry, Chosen One, but I am beginning to question my faith in you. The very lives of our people are in your hands. Please find the holy Thirteen and return to us with the GECK!
MYNOC34 - Our crops fail, the brahmin die, everyone goes hungry now. The cries of the children at night allow no one any sleep. We are becoming a desperate people.
MYNOC35 - Once again you return to us, Chosen One. Not empty-handed, I hope?
MYNOC36 - People are dying here while you stroll about the lands. Perhaps you should be searching elsewhere instead of returning here.
MYNOC37 - Certainly. Beware the weapons of the Outsiders. The gecko's bite is nothing compared to the destructive power of their boom-sticks.
MYNOC38 - Do not give your trust freely. Honor means very little out in the wastes. Stay alert and always question the motives of others.
MYNOC39 - Never forget your roots. The world outside our village is full of shiny toys and luxuries that might make our life here in Arroyo appear simple and plain. But remember that the lifestyle of the Outsiders produces wicked men ruled by greed and corruption. Be wary not to become like He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
MYNOC40 - Are you so drunk with the glory of being the Chosen One that you've forgotten about... [Mynoc quickly glances around to be sure no one is listening in, then leans forward and lowers his voice to a whisper.] ... Kaga?
MYNOC41 - [His eyes go wide and he looks around nervously as if expecting to suddenly be struck by lightning.] Have you lost your senses out in the wastes?! You should know better than to speak the name of the outcast! He is to be referred to only as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Our village suffers enough without inviting the wrath of the Gods upon us. [He raises his eyes nervously to the sky.]
MYNOC42 - [Mynoc mumbles something under his breath and shakes his head before beginning his tale.] As you should know, he was once the greatest warrior of our tribe. He led many expeditions into the outside world, and it was there where corruption began to poison his mind.
MYNOC43 - He became infatuated with the ways of the Outsiders, where power could bring anyone great respect and luxury. He began to view himself as superior to his fellow tribesmen who were content to live a more simple life.
MYNOC44 - When our tribe fell into these hard times, he deemed himself our people's savior and entered the Temple of Trials to prove himself to be the Chosen One.
MYNOC45 - He made his way through the Temple, quickly reaching the final test: a hand-to-hand battle with a fellow warrior.
MYNOC46 - I don't have time to answer all your silly questions. Do you want me to finish the tale, or not?
MYNOC47 - During the final trial, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named unsheathed a hidden blade and used it to kill his opponent. When the Elder confronted him about his dishonorable use of a hidden weapon, he argued that it was not cheating, but rather proved him to be a cunning warrior.
MYNOC48 - The Elder did not agree. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was forcibly exiled from our tribe and his name was never to be spoken amongst us again. As he was cast away into the wastes, he swore an oath of vengeance. Vengeance against our tribe, and especially against you.
MYNOC49 - You are the Chosen One, a title he feels is rightfully his. His pride will not allow you to live.
MYNOC50 - Listen, and understand. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is out there. He can't be bargained with. He can't be reasoned with. He won't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And he absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are dead.
MYNOC51 - [Mynoc nods grimly.] He may have strayed from the path, but he was once a great and respected warrior. I hope his troubled soul has found peace in the next world.
