GREG1 - I'm sorry... can I help you?
GREG2 - Yet ANOTHER Servant that has strayed from his rounds?! I'll put Barkus on report if he keeps letting them wander about... now, you... Shoo! Shoo!
GREG3 - I am Proconsul Gregory. Is this the office you were looking for, or...?
GREG4 - I am the ASSISTANT to the First Citizen. I schedule her appointments, administer the Citizenship test to potential applicants, and update all the lists on the Vault City server. No small task, I assure you.
GREG5 - Yes, there is the RIGHT way... you can become a Citizen by taking the Citizenship test.
GREG6 - Yes, I am responsible for administering the Citizenship test to anyone who wishes to become a Citizen of Vault City.
GREG7 - Benefits? Why, look around you... Vault City is the safest, richest city in all the wastes. Citizens receive free medical treatment, food and water is plentiful, and there is no crime or disease to speak of.
GREG8 - It is a comprehensive exam, divided into several parts... advanced mathematics, spatial relations, deductive reasoning, language comprehension... oh, and there is also a thorough physical examination.
GREG9 - Well, if you finish that task for the First Citizen she will give you your Citizenship, not that you'd deserve it. I suppose she has her reasons.
GREG10 - No. If you wish to become a Citizen, you must take the test.
GREG11 - You wish to take the test? Excellent, excellent! Nothing pleases me more than testing potential applicants... but I must warn you, the test is several hours long. Do you wish to take it now?
GREG12 - Well, anyone may take the test. I think in your case, however, it would be a waste of time... for both of us. Someone of your caliber is simply not Citizen material.
GREG13 - Very well. Here are forms 5028, 6112, and the Pip-Boy answer console. Please be sure to fill in each circle COMPLETELY. Now, if you would take a seat over here...
GREG14 - Hmmm. Well, that is your right, though I doubt it will matter. Here are forms 5028, 6112, and the Pip-Boy answer console. Please be sure to fill in each circle COMPLETELY. Now, if you would take a seat over here...
GREG15 - Finished already? Are you certain you don't want to double-check your answers?
GREG16 - All right, time's up. Let's see your form.
GREG17 - Hmmm... no, no... that's wrong... that's not right, either... a divide by zero error here... hmmm... needed to carry the two... oh my, your vocabulary is sadly lacking as well, I see.
GREG18 - Let's see... I see you missed spotting the sub-derivative equation... and you missed the essential meaning of paragraph seven, both parts...  and the pyramid in this diagram can be crossed eight times, not three.
GREG19 - Well, the answers you DID manage to put down seem fine... it's the timeliness in which you took the test... and the glaring grammatical errors and...
GREG20 - Well, I regret to inform you I cannot grant you Citizenship at this time. Frankly, you don't seem to have the intelligence necessary to grasp higher mathematics. 
GREG21 - Well, I regret to inform you I cannot grant you Citizenship at this time. If I may say so, your grasp of spatial relations borders on imperceptive.
GREG22 - Well, I regret to inform you I cannot grant you Citizenship at this time. If I may say so, you don't seem to test well. Perhaps you'll have better luck next time.
GREG23 - Well, let's take a look... first, let's see if... oh, very good, I see you got that one, how about... why yes, you carried the two, very clever, very clever... but why did you... oh, you applied the derivative to #5... brilliant!
GREG24 - Why... you've passed! Congratulations.
GREG25 - Well, we still have to perform the physical examination. Fortunately, I have all the equipment right here. You might want to take off your boots.
GREG26 - You... you have a sixth toe! You're a mutant! How dare you even TRY to become one of us... you... you abomination! Get out! Out! And never come back!
GREG27 - Your blood pressure looks good, no communicable diseases that I can find... congratulations, Citizen. Welcome to Vault City.
GREG28 - You again. Can I help you?
GREG29 - I suppose... what is it you would like to know?
GREG30 - Well, if you finish that task for the First Citizen she will give you your Citizenship, not that you'd deserve it. I suppose she has her reasons.
GREG31 - It is not my place to question the First Citizen's actions.
GREG32 - Gecko? It's a filthy shantytown to the north, inhabited by those creatures, those... "ghouls." They're responsible for poisoning our groundwater, you know! It's an obvious act of terrorism against Vault City!
GREG33 - Their shantytown is built around the remains of an old atomic power plant... a plant they SOMEHOW started up again and that is now leaking radiation! Those creatures need to be driven out and that plant shut down!
