KIT1 - Before you lies an open tank with icy cold water slowly being drained through a long, serpentine pipe. Inside, a woman, naked from head to toe, lies gasping and shivering. Looking around quickly, you snatch a bundle of loose clothing from a nearby locker and drape them over her for warmth.
KIT2 - [As the woman looks up at your face, her eyes suddenly grow wide and she starts gasping for air.]
KIT3 - Y-yes, the p-p-preservator r-restored my b-body t-t-temperature.
KIT4 - [You give it some time for her teeth to stop chattering. She recovers much quicker than you expect her to and looks up at you with sudden gravity.] Is... it over?
KIT5 - The War. All those nukes.
KIT6 - The War, yes.
KIT7 - [She brushes wet strands of hair from her eyes. You notice one eye is brown while the other is emerald green.] Who won?
KIT8 - [She looks at you blankly. She's very easy on the eyes, especially for someone who was just thawed out of a block of ice.]
KIT9 - What... what date is it? What year? Is it still 2077?
KIT10 - [She stares at the flickering screen, frozen in time like she never left the tank.]
KIT11 - My God. I don't believe it. I was in that thing for over a century?!
KIT12 - Well, will you help me up, or would you like it better if I continued sitting naked at your feet?
KIT13 - [She glares at you wordlessly.]
KIT14 - Why did you wake me?
KIT15 - You say you don't even work in this place?
KIT16 - Then if you hadn't come along, I would've been stuck in that thing even longer. Maybe forever. (She pulls one of the shirts you wrapped her in over her head.) What's it like now, the world out there? You said 90% of it was destroyed?
KIT17 - It can't possibly be as bad as it sounds. [She doesn't sound like she's convinced of one word she just said.]
KIT18 - [She pulls a pair of pants on.] So, what now?
KIT19 - You can call me Kitsune.
KIT20 - I don't know for sure. They knew the War was about to happen, so they put me in a preservator like the others.
KIT21 - From what I know, it's a branch of the United States Environmental Protection Agency. I was in Arizona when the War happened. I was taken here immediately.
KIT22 - Uh, not exactly. I was a homemaker, married to a councilman. Before that I wrote for several different news publications. It wasn't what you'd call a terribly exciting life.
KIT23 - I don't know. Probably one of the billions of casualties. I doubt any of my family made it through the war. My God, even if they did, it's been so long... everyone I ever knew is dead. [She bites her lip and her eyes start to shimmer with tears, but she quickly wipes them away and sighs, bringing herself under control.]
KIT24 - I don't know. What do you do when you've been hibernating for over a century? Even bears don't sleep that long. The world out there isn't the world I knew. I don't know if I could stand to see what it's turned into.
KIT25 - You know, you're right. I could go back to being frozen and sleep it off for another hundred years, but that would be the cheap way out. I need to see for myself what the world's become, and play a part in putting it back together.
KIT26 - Forget it. It's been this way for over a hundred years. What makes you think we're going to fix it now?
KIT27 - Maybe. But don't count on that happening. I should just go back to sleep for another century or so.
KIT28 - Actually, I think I'm going to strike out on my own. I've always been the independent type, so it shouldn't be any skin off my back. A lot has changed since I've been away and I'd like to see it for myself. Thanks for unthawing me. You take care of yourself.
KIT29 - Then I'll watch what happens to it from wherever I am.
KIT30 - I'd rather take my chances in cryogenic suspension than wander that wasteland.
KIT31 - [Kitsune ponders your words for a good long while. Finally, she lines her eyes with yours.] I can't pretend you don't have a point. Maybe... maybe I will take my chances with you.
KIT32 - Why do you care? It's in the past.
KIT33 - [Sighs.] Well, I suppose there's no need for secrecy anymore. It's just hard to break a life-long habit. You see, I was pretty much born a spy.
KIT34 - My father was Chinese, but he and his family were no friends of the Chinese government. He was born in Beijing but got the most important aspect of his education here, in the States. When he returned home and got a job as a public servant, he'd already been recruited by the Americans as an intelligence agent.
KIT35 - My father worked at the Ministry of Agriculture for thirty-eight years.
KIT36 - Well, one day, an aide to the official my father was working for caught him making copies of secret documents.
KIT37 - Actually, it didn't turn out so bad. You see, she thought along the same lines as my father, and within a couple of months, they were married.
KIT38 - They had me a year later. I was raised in China under the facade of a patriot. In school I'd write about how China was strongest when unified, and how we had to continue to strive toward social equality.  When I was older I wrote for nationalist newspapers and participated in debates supporting the ruling party.
KIT39 - All warfare is based on deception. My parents loved their country. They just hated the people who ran it and thought it would be better off as a democracy. The way they saw it, they weren't betraying China - they were working against a government they didn't believe was good for it.
KIT40 - I married an official who worked for the Chinese Ministry of National Defense. I chose him because he was the most willing to talk about his work when we were together. So I played the role of the dutiful wife, while secretly reporting relevant information back to my American superiors. But then things got complicated.
KIT41 - My father was contacted by Dr. Raynard Muldrake, an old colleague he had worked with during his time in the States. Dr. Muldrake urgently requested a private meeting, but my father was in poor health at the time and was in no condition to travel to America. Dr. Muldrake agreed to meet me in his place.
KIT42 - It turned out Muldrake was part of a top secret project at a West Tek research facility in Southern California. The project had started off innocently enough, as an attempt to find a way to make people immune to the New Plague, but it quickly evolved into something more sinister. Something called Forced Evolutionary Virus, or FEV.
KIT43 - It had the potential to greatly enhance a person's strength and intellect, but the FEV was dangerously unstable. Despite this, the military hoped to use it to create an army of super soldiers that could crush the Chinese.
KIT44 - Dr. Muldrake was against the change in the project's direction, but kept his mouth shut out of fear for his life. But when he learned that the military was testing the virus on unsuspecting, small American towns, he knew he had to take action. The world needed to know the truth.
KIT45 - Right. When I met him, he gave me a holodisk containing classified documentation of the FEV project. That put me in a rather difficult position: I could release the information contained in the holodisk and betray the country I'd sworn my loyalty to, or I could destroy the disk and bury the ugly truth from the people.
KIT46 - I sent copies of the holodisk to just about every major news outlet in the world. It pretty much destroyed whatever sympathy the American government still had. I might have revealed the truth to the world, but I'm afraid I also set in motion its destruction... Things escalated quickly, and eight months later, the bombs were dropped.
KIT47 - The American government was hunting for the person responsible for leaking the information. They finally caught up with me just before the end. They were already preparing to freeze me when the sirens first sounded. Probably to preserve me in case I had any more secrets I hadn't told them.
KIT48 - It doesn't matter now. Everyone's dead...
KIT49 - What I *may* have brought about. The world would've blown itself up sooner or later, anyhow. It was only a matter of time.
KIT50 - I get your drift.
KIT51 - It's always easier not to accept responsibility.
KIT52 - Humans are the worst things.
KIT53 - Nature's been trying to wipe us out for millennia. All these new diseases, natural disasters. We were some kind of evolutionary mistake. Maybe we came about too early or weren't suppose to come about at all. We've done more damage to this planet than any thing living or dead.
KIT54 - You've got an awfully nice way of putting it. Thanks for hearing me out. I almost feel like I can move on.
KIT55 - Yes, I've had a quite a bit of practice with sneaking, lockpicking, and stealing. Here, let me show you a few things they don't teach you in the books.
KIT56 - You've got it now. Remember, practice makes perfect.
KIT57 - What about them?
KIT58 - Mine isn't a natural condition. The one on the left didn't belong to me. I lost the old one in an accident. And I've never learned to appreciate that until now.
KIT59 - Ever since the transplant I always felt like I was seeing the past in one eye and the present in the other. More so than ever now. And that helps me carry on.
KIT60 - You ready to take me with you?
KIT61 - Jesus, you look like the Grim Reaper. You ought to get yourself checked out.
KIT62 - You've got enough people already. You don't need an entourage.
KIT63 - Maybe when you've freed up some space. I don't run well with crowds.
KIT64 - Whenever you need me.
KIT65 - Glad you're back. I held auditions but I couldn't find a good replacement for you.
KIT66 - Miss my company?
KIT67 - Feeling guilty about taking off without me?
KIT68 - I was beginning to think you weren't planning on coming back.
KIT69 - About time. In Ancient China, tardiness would get you hanged, drawn and quartered.
KIT70 - Hey. I was just thinking about you.
KIT71 - Yes?
KIT72 - I'm all ears.
KIT73 - Something you wanted?
KIT74 - What is it? You look like you have something to say.
KIT75 - What's the matter?
KIT76 - Is there anything you need from me?
KIT77 - Never been better. Let's keep going.
KIT78 - I've been worse. Just a couple of scratches.
KIT79 - I'm not that bad off. Just some flesh wounds.
KIT80 - I'm not doing so great. More blood than I care to have coming out of me.
KIT81 - Don't take too long or I'm leaving without you.
KIT82 - I'll play solitaire or something until you come back.
KIT83 - I'm sure I'll find something to do while you're away.
KIT84 - If you insist. I can still take a man's head off with my hands.
KIT85 - Alright. I have your back.
KIT86 - You need your space, got it.
KIT87 - Okay. We're harder targets apart.
KIT88 - TEMP MESSAGE: DISTANCE
KIT89 - What's wrong with it?
KIT90 - TEMP MESSAGE: GEAR
KIT91 - What do you need to know?
KIT92 - TEMP MESSAGE: REMOVE ARMOR
KIT93 - No problem. I'm lighter on my feet without it.
KIT94 - TEMP MESSAGE: CAN USE...
KIT95 - I have a black belt in sanshou. I can stab a man to death if the situation calls for it. Pistols, rifles and the like I'm decent with.
KIT96 - You sure took your time doing whatever it is you were doing without me.
KIT97 - Good to be on the road again.
KIT98 - Where to?
KIT99 - So, where are we headed?
KIT100 - Lead the way, skipper.
