PLANT1 - Hi! Nice weather we've been having, huh?
PLANT2 - Yes, I do talk. Better than some people, it seems. I'd smile at you right now, but I just don't have a mouth. [it laughs] Say, could you do me a big favor?
PLANT3 - I'm looking for a better place to be. Right here is nice and all, but frankly, these plants aren't much for conversation. I was thinking over there, by the building with all the ghouls in it... Would you replant me?
PLANT4 - Great! All you have to do is find a shovel, dig me up, and plant me over there. When you do, I'll tell you a secret.
PLANT5 - All right. Well, um... I'll be waiting here for you. Not like I really have a choice, you know. So long!
PLANT6 - If you should happen to change your mind, you know where to find me. I've put down roots here. Ha ha ha! Just a little plant humor for you. Oh, don't let me keep you. So long!
PLANT7 - Well said, well said! How delightful to see a homo sapiens use its brain to its fullest extent. My dear friend, would you be willing to do me a favor?
PLANT8 - Why, yes! Yes, it is! Very astute, friend, very astute. I can see you didn't germinate yesterday! My fine-stemmed companion, would you be so kind as to do me a favor?
PLANT9 - Deee-lightful! I'm very, very pleased. Just find yourself a shovel and come on back. When you're done, maybe I can tell you a secret. My friend, I do hope you continue to flower.
PLANT10 - Oh, yes, the Professor. He grew me from a tiny spore and nurtured me... but I realized from an early age that if I were to act as smart as I truly am, he'd cut me into pieces to examine me. So, I played dumb and got planted out here. It's nice... but I'd like to branch out a little. Y'know, maybe get planted someplace else...
PLANT11 - So does he still have the scorpion? That thing is a mean chess player... it has a lot of bark and plenty of bite, if you know what I mean... but I know how to beat him. If you do me a favor, I'll tell you how.
PLANT12 - My fine friend, if you will replant me near the ghouls' home over there, I will be happy to impart my deep-rooted knowledge of chess.
PLANT13 - Ahh, my friend, you have returned. This is quite a delightful place here. The shade is perfect, and the company is simply dazzling. That Typhon, what a kidder! He really makes my intellectual sap flow!
PLANT14 - Well, it was about how to beat the professor's scorpion at chess. My friend, it is simplicity itself. The Flying Liver Attack is like a flytrap to that bug - it walks right into it and then can't extricate itself. I guarantee your success.
PLANT15 - My friend! Has the sun been shining upon you? How does your day flower? Are you ready for the move? I certainly am!
PLANT16 - I'm so excited I could release a spore cloud all over myself! Let's go!
PLANT17 - That's a pity, that's a pity indeed. I do hope you'll change your mind at some point. Perhaps the pollen of your indecision will blow my way again. Good day.
PLANT18 - Oooh... the soil here feels so... different. Cleaner, somehow. Probably because I don't have to share it with those other plants. Ahhh. Oh! Yes! If you ever run across the Professor and his scorpion, remember this chess maneuver: It's called the Flying Liver Attack, and the scorpion cannot stand against it.
PLANT19 - I would also like to tell you that I happen to know the ghoul Typhon inside this building knows the whereabouts of a treasure trove. Perhaps that might be useful to you someday.
PLANT20 - Have you had time to reconsider? Would you like to help me?
PLANT21 - Alas, you do not appear to have a shovel. Until you can find one, I can't go. I await your return with bated pistil.
