CHRSY1 - If you're here to try and rape me, you're going to be wearing your balls as a bow tie. Get it?
CHRSY2 - Let me guess. The guys are tired of me kicking them where it hurts, so they sent you in here to do something obscene. Well, I can hurt you just as bad; I just need to kick higher. Get it?
CHRSY3 - Yeah. A fancy piece of cloth worn around the neck for decoration. It's like a scarf, but for men. Now, just imagine me kicking you SO hard that you end up wearing your dangly about your neck. Get it?
CHRSY4 - Okay, so why are you here?
CHRSY5 - Really? Awesome! Let's go.
CHRSY6 - In a nutshell, my name is Chrissy and I'm from the Squat. I was out exploring last week when I found that entrance out there. I thought it might be an abandoned mine or something, so I decided to check it out. Well, it's not a mine; it's a secret entrance into Vault 15. The vault is being used as a base for a band of raiders called the Khans. They caught me snooping around and their leader, Darion, had me locked up in here.
CHRSY7 - The people of the Squat are protecting these guys by helping them keep the vault a secret, but they don't know what's really going on here. Darion told us that the vault was being repaired so we could have a safe place to live with lots of food and water, but it's all a lie. I've been in there and looked around. The vault is dead, and the food and water machines don't work. Our food and water's been coming from the spoils of raids against caravans.
CHRSY8 - Look, I've got to go home and warn everyone about what's really going on here. We can't help these monsters. Will you take me home?
CHRSY9 - Well, I'll be damned. Today must be my lucky day. To what do I owe the pleasure of seeing you again?
CHRSY10 - My knight in shining armor returns. Well, it would shine if you'd clean it every once in a while. Oh, and you might want to consider bathing yourself as well. So, what can I do for you?
CHRSY11 - Hey, I know I have a smart mouth, but I want you to know that I'm very grateful for you saving my butt. Thanks very much!
