TULLY1 - Houer you? Do I know you? You th'one hoo beat th' Enclave like a god... er, dog? Yer a heroo.
TULLY2 - Greetingz... wazzit Father Tully can do fer you thiz... You th'one hoo beat th' Enclave like a god... er, dog? Yer a heroo.
TULLY3 - Yer a HERO. I got sumfin' fer you. I dinna know what it wazzat first, but I figger you might be needin' it.
TULLY4 - (Tully goes over to one of the pews, rips off a board from the seat, and pulls out a grimy soft-cover book.) Here ya go. Itzza lil' dirty, but... (Hands it to you.)
TULLY5 - Yer a heroo. Yoo deserve it. Not many gamerz today FINISH gamez, but yoo went th' diztance. I'm proud of yoo. Alluh NEW RENO iz prouda you.
TULLY6 - Greetingzz, my son. Whazit Father Tully can do for youz on thiz fine, fine, Reno night?
TULLY7 - Greetingzz, my son. Whazit Father Tully can do for youz on thiz fine, fine Reno day?
TULLY8 - (Sniffs his armpits, then his robes.) My word, I sure smell strongly, don't I? Damnation, I smell like a still! Better get clean 'fore Missuz Wright catchez me...
TULLY9 - Hell, musta over-slept... woulda noticed otherwise... what th' hell was I saying?
TULLY10 - Father Tully, at yer service. I'm th' spiritual advisor to the good p... well, to th' people of New Reno.
TULLY11 - Certintly not! In th' PAST, I was known to indulge in th'spirits, but th' Temperance Union has helped me break th' filthy habit!
TULLY12 - Temprance Union, Misssus Wright... same pershun. Tryin' ta clean up New Reeno. Done a pretty good job with me.
TULLY13 - Queshions? Can't say I know tooo much 'bout them. But ast away.
TULLY14 - Well... Reno... itz... well, itz... well... um, say...
TULLY15 - A Garden o' Eden Creashun Kit? Nope. Can't say I've ever heard of one. Say, um...
TULLY16 - Vault thurteen? No idea... well, I mean, therez Vault CITY to th' northeast. That what you lookin' for, maybe? Hmmmm... say, um...
TULLY17 - Slaverz, maybe? Heard thaz where they get a lotta their stock... um... say...
TULLY18 - Tanker? Thing with treads an' a barrel...? Don't know much 'bout that....um... say...
TULLY19 - Pardon me for asking, do you happenta have a bottle on you? I need sum fer th' services... and, eh, my throatz a little dry.
TULLY20 - Now I'm onna straight and narrow, thankz to Missus Wright... bless her soul. I've been clean fer almost a... uh, month. Or wazzit a week? Aw, hell, I don't know. 
TULLY21 - (Tully stumbles over to the poor box beside the podium, and fishes around inside.) Hmnnn. Here ya go...(He dumps some chips into your hand.) Blesst be the poor. Go spend in the name of all that is holee.
TULLY22 - (Tully stumbles over to the poor box beside the podium, and fishes around inside.) Uh... hmmnn. (His hands come up empty.) Afraid I haven't got any chipz afterall.
TULLY23 - Don't give two secondz to 'is whife n' daughter... no wonder both o' em have grown up wiiild. Heh-heh... all comez out in th' confessional, y'know...
TULLY24 - Naw, Vault City told him ta STICK it up his poopchute. So... not long after, Vault City starts getting raided. Fast. Hard. An' all th' while, right there is Bischop, telling 'em, "I COULD help, IF you join with New Reno."
TULLY25 - (Stares at your hand.) Izzat six? Or izzit three...
TULLY26 - Devil take me, 'course I can! Reno waz th' divorce capital even 'fore th' Big One. This th' filly you wanna break vows with? (Looks confused for a moment as he stares at both of you. Then he shrugs, drinks.)
TULLY27 - Devil take me, 'course I can! Reno waz th' divorce capital even 'fore th' Big One. This th' stud you wanna break vows with? (Looks confused for a moment as he stares at both of you. Then he shrugs, drinks.)
TULLY28 - Devil take me, 'course I can! Reno waz th' divorce capital even 'fore th' Big One. This th' filly you wanna break vows with? 
TULLY29 - Devil take me, 'course I can! Reno waz th' divorce capital even 'fore th' Big One. This th' stud you wanna break vows with? 
TULLY30 - Well, I seem to have misplaced my sermon book with all the offishul stuff...
TULLY31 - Well, it wouldn't be right... unless the hootch was reeeally good.
TULLY32 - Sure! Lemme just polish thiz off, git th' fire going...(He downs the bottle with frightening speed.)...all right then, step up to th' podium, you two...
TULLY33 - Oh. All right then. No harm in asking... so... uh... I'm sorry, who are you again?
TULLY34 - Now there's a fine idea! May you be thrice-blesst! Eh... I happen t'know a PLACE on th' East Side, at the old train station, that sells th' kind of holy water I need.
TULLY35 - Courze, a courze... chipz, chipz... where do I keep the chipz...(His eyes turn to the poor box beside the podium.) Ah! Don't know why I didn't think of this before... Houl onna minute...
TULLY36 - (Father Tully glances at the... now... empty bottle in his hands.) Say, don't mean to impose, friend: would yoo happenta have 'nother bottle of that fine vintage on you? All thiz talkin' is making me parsched.
TULLY37 - Eh... well, now, most certintly! (Takes bottle.) Don't usually touch the stuff, y'know...(Takes a deep drink.)...ahhhh... um, sorry, what waz I saying?
TULLY38 - Eh... damn kind of you! (Takes bottle.) Don't usually drink this much, y'know...(Takes a long swig.) Ahhhh... I'm sorry, what was I saying?
TULLY39 - Thank you kindly! (Takes bottle, takes a swig.) Ahhh... sorry... what in the hells was I talking about?
TULLY40 - Eh? The Bishops, right... power-hungry's the lotta 'em, itz in th' blood. Thing is, ol' John Bischop iz so concerned 'bout taking over everthin' he ain't taking care of business at hoome...
TULLY41 - Well, not much, but I hear thingz OUSSIDE th' confessional about oul' Bishop. Crafty devil. Got iron ballz, he does... must clink when he walkz. I figger he'z behind thosse raidz on Vault City... you heard 'bout those?
TULLY42 - (Ignores you.) See, a few months back, oul' Bishop sends a caravan to Vault City, SUGGESTING a marriage o' convenience 'tween Vault City n' New Reno.
TULLY43 - Mostly what you'd 'xpect from a neglected wifey-o with a body whoose curves could cure th' blind. Mostly adultery. I mean, have you SEEN her rack? My word!
TULLY44 - Oooh, sweeeet little Angela? Little HELLION more like it! Girl's got too mucha deevil in her britches. Always floozying around, banging her father's help n' pumping herself fulla Jet...
TULLY45 - Who? A-course she did, but th' list a-who she DIDN'T fool around with would be easier to name off. She tells everyone, bragssz 'bout it. Say... what waz yer name again?
TULLY46 - Devil's blood! Wickedness! Foul secretion from th' very teat of evil!
TULLY47 - That drug'll be th' death of us. Can't think of another drug...(Drinks, belches.)...that doess more damage than Jet... Killz th' mind and th' body. Damn Mordinos...
TULLY48 - Heh-heh! Wright, eh? (Smiles, wiggles eyebrows.) Lemme tell you a lit-tle sumthin' about th' WRIGHTS... they're a split bunch of horny drunks and stonefast puritans, they are!
TULLY49 - Those Wrights just keep squeezing out kids... oul' Orville Wright must wanna re-pop-ulate th' world. Hope Missus Wright can take th' strain. Heh-heh. An' the thingz they SAY in th' confessional...
TULLY50 - ETHYL Wright? That blesst woman! Keeps me off th' drink, an' on th' straight n' narrow. (Takes a swig.) She can drive th' sin outta you, she can... uh, but... what in hell waz I saying?
TULLY51 - Oh, right, right. Well, uh, in th' confessional, she ain't got much t'say. Mostly guilt 'bout stepping on bugs... or 'bout enjoying sex with her hubbie too much. Heh-heh. (Takes a swig.) I looove guilt.
TULLY52 - Oul' Orville? Well, he's got a lotta guilt on his shoulders. See, he promised th' Missus he'd quit the alcohol biz, but he has a secret still in th' train station behind th' house! She'll beat him uglier than he is if she finds it...
TULLY53 - Heh-heh, herez the funny bit... y'see, ol Mr. Wright promised the Missus he'd quit the alcohol biz, but he has a secret still in the train station behind the house! Ha! She'll beat him uglier than he is if she finds it...
TULLY54 - Nuthin'! (Takes a drink.) They're the weakest of th' families, cuz they only brew alke-hol. Barely turn a cent, they do. Th' other families buy alke-hol offa them mostly outta pity.
TULLY55 - Th'Mordinos? (Holds up three fingers.) Therez two o' them. (Holds hand up high.) Big Jeezus... (Holds hand down low.) ...an' Leetle Jeezus. The Father n' the Son. They control th' drugs and the whoa-men in Reno.
TULLY56 - Jesus? He's one bad muthuh...(Takes a swig, swishes it around in cheeks.) Deals in slavez, Jet, n' whores. Only person worse'n him is hiz filthy son.
TULLY57 - Leetle Jezus? Bastard! He's like a prairie tick, sucking blood from hiz Dad's work. Be trouble for alla Reno if he took charge. Couldn't hold it toogether, drugz, whorez... all fall down.
TULLY58 - (Tully stares at you.) Yesss... (Smiles, licks lips.) ...whoresss... (Begins stroking neck of the bottle.)
TULLY59 - Yesss... (Smiles, licks lips.) ...whoresss... (Begins stroking neck of the bottle.)
TULLY60 - Eh? Drugz... yes, the drugs. Jet. Filthy Jet. Do horrible thingz with it, horrible... Redding... the Stables. (Takes a swig.) All fer gold...
TULLY61 - (Makes a walking motion with his two fingers.) Jet leavez town, goez ta Redding. Gold leavez Redding, goez to Mordino. (Takes a swig.) Miners die, Mordinos lie.
TULLY62 - Mordinos havva... farm... ousside of town. Keep slaves there. Test... Jet... on them. Killz them in drovez. (Shudders.) Only th' Mordinos know where th' Stables are.
TULLY63 - I wuz talking 'bout the Salvatores? (Blinks, shrugs, then drinks.) Can't imagine what I was saying. Family's as silent as death. An' you don't wanna cross 'em, either... know why?
TULLY64 - (Lumbers on drunkenly.) Cuz they got weapons like fires from heaven, weapons no one's ever SEEN before in New Reno or nowhere. Shoot beams of light, cut a man in two, leave him twitching in the dust.
TULLY65 - Thaz what I heard them call them... lay-sers... but ta me, those weapons are the devil's own, foul lightbringers, tools meant for nuthin but death!
TULLY66 - One of them lightbringers can kill a dozen men... Other families useta fight with th' Salvatores, but now no one messes with 'em. Itz a peace of sorts... good as long azzit holds out, I s'pose.
TULLY67 - Louie... LOUIS... Salvatore runz th' show. (Drains bottle, coughs slightly.) Cripple. Needz an oxygen tank ta keep breathin'... his lungs are messed up. Stays in th' top floor of his establishment, never comes out.
TULLY68 - That poor boy... Jet took him from his family, it did. That damnable stuff! Worst mind poison ever made...
TULLY69 - He coulda gotten it from anyone in New Reno! There's a pharmacy jest cross th' street run by a drug dealer, and if he's not selling, stop an' ask anyone on th' street! Damn Jet!
TULLY70 - Whatza better place than here? B'sidez, they sure as hell didn't want to keep me at their damned Abbey. Bah! Lettem keep their peazful, dull, monastery. Who needs it? Huh? Not me! But ya know what? Those monks sure could make sum good hooch. Oh boy, best damn hooch ever. (He licks his lips.) Ol' Samuel and I, we had ourselfz a lotta fun wit that hooch, lemme tell ya.
TULLY71 - (You pull out your Pip-Boy and hold it out for Father Tully to point out the location. He first points at the ocean, then at a random mountain range to the south. After almost poking his eye out, he finally settles his finger on the northeast corner of the map.) Yep, there'z the Abbey. That seemz bout right.
TULLY72 - Well dat wuz a loooong time ago. I haddent quite gotten my act together yet. It waz before th' angel Mrs Wright put me in line. Ya see, them monks didn't take kindly to my wild ways. Me and Brother Samuel, we useta get a lil crazy. Hehe, this one night, Sammy and I went 'round to the sleepin monks, and put their handz in bowls a warm water. Even got the Abbot! Ha! Those were the dayz, lemme tell ya.
TULLY73 - I dunno if I'd say they *kicked* me out... but they zure as hell didn't want me to stick around--not after that night I passed out and axidently set fire to one a th' lieberrys. Boy, you shoulda seen the Abbot's face... if he had half a backbone, he'd a prolly strangled me. Ha! So I left, and good riddenze! I sure do miss that hooch though. And Samuel, it'd be nice ta know how that ol' dog's doing.
TULLY74 - Oh, couldja, please? That'd make me happier than a disease-free Reno whore. Thanks fren.
TULLY75 - Samuel!? Ha! Howzzat fella doin? Been years since I've seen 'im. Still drinking away, is he?
TULLY76 - Ah, thaz great. Good to hear he's doin alright. If you see him again, tell him I say hello. So... (He clasps his hands together and rubs them eagerly.) So, mebbe you pick up summa the Abbey's famous hooch while yer there?
TULLY77 - You do? Itz been so long since I've had some. Would you be willing to part with it?
TULLY78 - No need ta rub it in my face. Itz been so long since I've had some... I could really go for a bottle or two. Any chance you'll stop by the Abbey again?
TULLY79 - Thatz too bad. Itz been so long since I've had some. I could really go for a bottle or two. Any chance you will be stopping by the Abbey again?
TULLY80 - (Father Tully grabs the bottle from your hand and takes a big swig.) Oh yeah, jus like I remember it. (He takes several more swigs, waves weakly at you, then stumbles away to the back room. You hear groaning, followed by a thud.)
TULLY81 - (Father Tully opens the donations box, grabs a handful of coins and hands them to you. You nod and hand him the bottle. He snatches it from your hand and takes a big swig.) Oh yeah, jus like I remember it. (He takes several more swigs, waves weakly at you and stumbles away to the back room. You hear groaning, followed by a thud.)
TULLY82 - He's a great fella. If ya ever do run inna him, let him know I'm living the good life in New Reno. I haven't talked with him since I left th' Abbey.
TULLY83 - Really? Thaz too bad. He was a good fella. I'll miss him.
TULLY84 - Hehe, good ol' Sam. Thaz good to hear. I s'pose someday I should try an get out there again.
