BAL1 - Hello, my name's Balthas. I run the tannery here in Modoc. Can I help you?
BAL2 - What can I help you with?
BAL3 - Any luck finding Jonny?
BAL4 - Thank you for returning my boy to me. There's no way I can ever repay you, but please take this leather armor as thanks. I've been experimenting with a new curing process; I think you'll find this armor very durable, and besides -- you look really good in it.
BAL5 - Please leave me to my grief.
BAL6 - Huh? Look, I don't discuss my personal life with strangers. Do you have any business with me or not?
BAL7 - Did you say Stranger? Yes, I think I've heard of you. One of the guards on a passing caravan mentioned some good things about a person with that name. I know we've just met, but I could really use your help.
BAL8 - [He picks up a metal chisel and starts to wring it anxiously. To your amazement, the chisel begins to bend like putty. This guy's strong!] My boy, Jonny, is missing! He went out to play a few days ago and never came back. We've searched everywhere, but still haven't found him.
BAL9 - Does that mean you'll help me? Thank you! Jonny was last seen playing cowboys and Indians with his dog Laddie out front. The two of them are inseparable; in fact, that's how we knew something was wrong. One day, Laddie came back without Jonny. We've been searching ever since. Take Laddie with you; maybe the two of you will be able to find Jonny.
BAL10 - Well, you have the air of an experienced traveler. With your skills, maybe you'll be able to track down my son.
BAL11 - My prayers are answered! Take Laddie with you; maybe he can help. Please hurry!
BAL12 - Well, maybe you're right. Thanks for listening.
BAL13 - I've heard of you. Look, I don't want any trouble; we're a peaceful community. Let's just keep the subject to business, OK?
BAL14 - Well... I'm worried about my missing son, Jonny. We've searched everywhere, but still can't find him. I fear that maybe wild animals got him.
BAL15 - I would really appreciate that. Every little bit helps. In the mean time, did you have some business with me?
BAL16 - Sorry, I never heard of it.
BAL17 - Hehehe. Has Old Cornelius got you looking for his pocket watch, too? No, you won't find it here. That old coot probably just left somewhere and forgot about it.
BAL18 - [He looks at you closely and then smiles.] Why don't you be a good little boy and run outside and play?
BAL19 - [He looks at you closely and then smiles.] Why don't you be a good little girl and run outside and play?
BAL20 - Please keep looking. I know he's still alive, I can feel it!
BAL21 - That's Jonny's BB gun all right. Noooooooooooooooooooo! [Balthas breaks down and starts to cry uncontrollably.]
BAL22 - I knew Jonny wasn't dead! You say I have to wait... I don't understand! Is he hurt? My instincts tell me to go to my son, but I sense you have my son's best interest at heart. Please hurry, and bring my son back to me.
BAL23 - Oh no! Not the ghosts! I knew we should've burned that place to the ground. I won't let them take my boy... I'm going to get little Jonny back, whatever the cost. I'm sure the residents of Modoc will help me get my son back! Meet us at the Ghost Farm. We'll kill them all!
BAL24 - Thank you for saving my son!
