TYLER1 - Who the hell are you and what do you want?
TYLER2 - So, what do you want this time?
TYLER3 - His crap still hasn't moved an inch.
TYLER4 - Oh, yeah. You're a slaver now, eh? So what did he want? It's not going anywhere - not like it could.
TYLER5 - What the hell for? His stuff's not going anywhere.
TYLER6 - Sure he did. I've never seen you around here before. Now, beat it.
TYLER7 - Whatever, slaver. Just go on in. Does he think it's just going to up and leave? Who the hell would want that shit?
TYLER8 - Fuck it. Just go in. Does he think it's just going to up and leave? Who the hell would want that shit anyhow?
TYLER9 - Okay, fuck. It's not like I really care. Like you would know what to do with any of that shit anyway.
TYLER10 - Beat it, tough guy, before I get angry on Your face.
TYLER11 - Beat it, bitch. Metzger wouldn't have sent a woman anyhow, so take a hike.
TYLER12 - That's nice. Me Tyler. Me go bye bye.
TYLER13 - Beat it, freak.
TYLER14 - I don't think so. Now beat it.
TYLER15 - Yeah, I bet you are. Who sent you?
TYLER16 - Yeah, you said that already, fuck head. Who sent you?
TYLER17 - The what? Get outta here!
TYLER18 - Now what the hell does the boss want? Another stupid fucking inspection?
TYLER19 - Yes?
TYLER20 - What now?
TYLER21 - Actually, great! Almost forgot - a buddy of mine won it big at the tables and he's sharing the wealth, if you know what I mean.
TYLER22 - Pretty fucking bored. I hate guarding - but, hey, things can't be that bad. A buddy of mine won it big at the tables and he's sharing the wealth, if you know what I mean.
TYLER23 - Yeah, he's throwing a party tonight at his place. Should be a blast.
TYLER24 - Yeah, he's throwing a party tonight at his place. Should be a blast. I'd invite you, honey, but it's only for his closest friends.
TYLER25 - You better believe it! We're going to drink until we drop!
TYLER26 - Hey, what's up? Almost time for that party.
TYLER27 - What's up?
TYLER28 - Drugs are bad for you, man.
TYLER29 - Drugs are bad for you, lady.
TYLER30 - Damn, what the hell's wrong with you today? Lay off the drugs.
TYLER31 - Oh, yeah? What's that?
TYLER32 - You fucking earned this. Here's your money. I've been wanting to finish them off for a while.
TYLER33 - Yeah, fuck you. It depends on what it is. You tell me, then I'll decide if I pay you anything for it.
TYLER34 - Oh really? So that bitch has got some balls after all? Well, that's worth a $100.
TYLER35 - Not so fast, slick. Just to be sure, we'll wait until after they show. You could be lying to me for all I know. You just be sure they show, and I'll pay you after.
TYLER36 - Look, I don't give a rat's ass what you are. I'm not giving you a dollar until after they show. We'll do the fighting, but you better be sure they show.
TYLER37 - The smart ass is back! So you really want in this church? Why? There's nothing in here you'd be interested in.
TYLER38 - Now what the fuck do you want?
TYLER39 - Who the- Hey! It's you. You came to *hickup* party with us. I knew you would. (Tyler stumbles over to you and grabs your shoulder) Did I ever tell you how much I-(He spies Lara's gang) What the fuck! No fuckin way! This party ain't endin *hickup* cause of some fuckin bitch and her cronies. Time to lock and load guys!
