MIRIA1 - Why, hello there, stranger. I'm Miria.
MIRIA2 - I am so pleased you came back. What can I DO for you now?
MIRIA3 - If I weren't so bored, I'd say no. So ask away.
MIRIA4 - Rumor has it that Farrel stole the watch.
MIRIA5 - Because poor people tend to steal to make ends meet. Farrel definitely falls in the poor category, and that would explain the new tools he bought soon after Cornelius's watch disappeared.
MIRIA6 - Yes, they were thick as thieves, those two. Which is why I think Farrel stole the watch. Who else but Farrel would have the access and the opportunity to steal Cornelius's watch?
MIRIA7 - Nothing to tell. My family runs the slaughterhouse. People from all around bring their brahmin here for slaughter. After they are slaughtered and the meat treated, it is sold to traders who in turn sell it to merchants in various towns. All very boring, if you ask me.
MIRIA8 - Have you come to the right place! This town is so boring, there's nothing else to do but gossip and... [She keeps talking for awhile and sometime later you're able to get a word in.]
MIRIA9 - Ah, Rose. The proprietor of Rose's Bed and Breakfast. Now, you didn't hear it from me, but have you ever wondered why her 'coop' is so well protected? She says it's to protect her chickens from predators, but if you look closely it looks as if she's trying to keep something in rather than out. Plus, whoever heard of chickens laying twelve pound eggs?
MIRIA10 - It's really strange, but I hear some ranchers say that every once in a while a brahmin will give birth to a calf with only one head. Talk about weird!
MIRIA11 - He's family; I don't spread rumors about my own family.
MIRIA12 - Who, me? I do odd jobs here and there. Surely nothing worth talking about. [She flutters her eyes at you.]
MIRIA13 - I'm really touched. Nobody ever tries to get to know me better. All they want is sex, sex, sex! I get so tired of having wild sex all the time. I'm so glad you're not like the others.
MIRIA14 - Want what? Just what are you implying?
MIRIA15 - How dare you call me a slut! Let me tell you, I am very picky about the people I sleep with. Why, I have only slept with 10 or 20 people this month! I think this conversation is over!
MIRIA16 - How disappointing. You are just like everyone else, aren't you?
MIRIA17 - No. I don't think so. I'm tired of this conversation. Good bye.
MIRIA18 - [She blushes] Stop, you're embarrassing me. You are just the sweetest thing. Why don't come over here and sit by me.
MIRIA19 - I can't take this anymore! You're perfect. [She rips off her clothes, your clothes, and then...]
MIRIA20 - That better not mean what I think that means.
MIRIA21 - Yup! That's what I thought. It's funny how Neanderthal and civilized speech crosses roads on this subject. [You don't even see it coming. But you're sure the red hand print on your face will disappear someday.]
MIRIA22 - I'm completely healed and ready to go.
MIRIA23 - Hardly more than a scratch left on me now.
MIRIA24 - Well, I'm mostly healed -- but I could use more healing when we get a chance.
MIRIA25 - I healed myself as much as I could but I'm still pretty badly hurt.
MIRIA26 - No, baby; I wanna come with you.
MIRIA27 - Sure thing, I'll put it away.
MIRIA28 - 
MIRIA29 - No, no, sweet pea. I need to be close to you.
MIRIA30 - But then I wouldn't be near to you, sugar lumps.
MIRIA31 - I'll try harder, butter cakes. It's just hard to get "us" time out here in this wasteland.
MIRIA32 - My stuff is your stuff.
MIRIA33 - Okay, muffin, but do we have to stop with just the armor?
MIRIA34 - Sharp weapons like knives get me excited although I can use weapons like an SMG in a pinch if I need to. Just don't expect me to actually hit anything.
