VIC1 - Would you tell him I can't... wait. Who are you? You're not a slaver. What are you doing here?
VIC2 - Would you tell him I can't fix this without the parts. I don't know... wait. Who are you? Some new recruit? He didn't send you here to rough me up again did he? It's not going to make any difference. I can't fix it here.
VIC3 - Metzger's still quite upset with me, even though we fixed his darn radio. He's threatening to sell me off! I'll do anything you ask if you can get me out of this mess.
VIC4 - You haven't been by my place yet have you? I really need that radio, Metzger's getting angrier with me by the day.
VIC5 - Oh, hi again. This darn radio isn't going to repair itself. How does he expect me to fix it?
VIC6 - It's right here. [pointing to a map]
VIC7 - I know I can do it, I just need some spare parts. There is an old radio in my shack back in Klamath that has exactly what I need. You been to the Dunton's? My shack's... well, it was just east of their place.
VIC8 - That's great! I'll have the radio fixed in no time.
VIC9 - Thanks.
VIC10 - Pardon? I'm sorry but I don't understand.
VIC11 - Thank you! I'm forever in your debt. What can I do to repay you?
VIC12 - Vault 13? There's a Vault City east of here. I trade there, sometimes.
VIC13 - Sure, I'll join up with you! This old fart has one big adventure left in him. I'm sure of it! I'm pretty good at repairing things too, despite what Metzger says.
VIC14 - I would if I could, but you're just not looking good. I'd only be a burden. Now that Mom's gone, I think I'll just head out. Don't know where... maybe we'll see each other again. Thank you for everything you've done for me.
VIC15 - I would if I could, but you're just not looking good. Looks like you can barely take care of yourself. I'd only be a burden. I'll just wait here, Mom's cooking reminds me of my ex-wife...
VIC16 - I would, honest. I'd do almost anything for you. It's just that you don't look like you're in any shape to lead anyone. I'd only be a burden. I'll just head over to Mom's, in a bit... until you can work things out. I haven't had her home cooking for a long time.
VIC17 - Sorry, Boss. Looks like you're pretty crowded. Now that Mom's gone, I think I'll just head out. Don't know where... maybe we'll see each other again. Thank you for everything you've done for me.
VIC18 - You're looking a bit crowded, Boss. I'll just wait here for you until you've worked things out. Mom's cooking reminds me of my ex-wife... not sure if that's a good thing or bad thing...
VIC19 - I would love to, Boss. It's just that you don't look like you have any more room. I'll just head over to Mom's. I haven't been there in a while. Just come get me if you find some room for me.
VIC20 - Oh, yeah. I remember that. I bought that from Ed. He's a brahmin dealer over in Vault City.
VIC21 - Water Flask? Oh, wait. Yea, I had a few dozen of'm. Sold pretty well. I got'm from Ed, a brahmin dealer over in Vault City.
VIC22 - Ed's over at Vault City. He's a Brahmin Dealer. He was just one of my many suppliers. Vault City's not too far from here.
VIC23 - I told you, it's over here. [Vic points to a location on your Pip-Boy 2000.]
VIC24 - Vault City is east of here. I'll point it out on that map of yours.
VIC25 - Darn it. That's close, but I need the radio from my shack in Klamath. I know that one has the parts I need.
VIC26 - Yeah, I can probably help you, but you've got to get me out of here first.
VIC27 - I told you. If you can get me out of here, I'll help you with anything you want.
VIC28 - Sure thing, Chief!
VIC29 - You got it, Sport!
VIC30 - Wow! You'd do that for me? I'd do anything if you could get me out this mess. Only problem is that Metzger's got me locked up here until I fix this radio and I don't have the parts I need.
VIC31 - It's a long story. I guess you could say that Metzger's keeping me here until I fix this darn radio. The crystal's shot and I don't have any spare parts. How does he expect me to fix it?
VIC32 - I've got to get this radio fixed. If you can help me do that, then maybe we can reason with him.
VIC33 - Why'd you kill poor Mom... I guess you had your reasons... I'm sorry, Boss. It's not my place to question you. This is a pretty bad town. I'm sure she did something pretty bad.
VIC34 - Hey, Boss. Thanks for getting me out of that mess with Metzger. You need anything? Mom's been kind enough to feed me while you've been gone. I help her around the place...
VIC35 - Boss, they got me good. You've got to get me to a doctor. I don't know if I can back you up anymore.
VIC36 - I need a doctor, Boss. I'm really messed up. I don't know if I can fight with you anymore.
VIC37 - Boss, I'm really messed up. You got to get Lenny to check me out.
VIC38 - Fully healed, Boss. Anything else?
VIC39 - Almost perfect condition, Boss.
VIC40 - I'm mostly healed up, Boss, but I've been better.
VIC41 - I tried, Boss, but I'm not doing so hot. I'll do what I can though.
VIC42 - Well, Boss... I'm pretty good with small arms. I can handle almost any rifle, shotgun, and most small-medium pistols. I 'can' use knives. I've also got a pretty good throwing arm, but my aim's not the best in the world... actually, it's pretty horrible. Sorry, Boss. I'm really trying to get better.
VIC43 - Like I said, Boss, I prefer small arms. I can handle almost any rifle, shotgun, and most of those small-medium pistols. If we're really in a pinch I can try using a knife or even thrown weapons.
VIC44 - Uh, Boss? You seem a bit crowded. I'll just keep waiting here for ya.
VIC45 - He should be around here somewhere.
VIC46 - From Ed. He's a brahmin dealer over in Vault City. You been there before? Let me show you on that map thing of yours.
VIC47 - Vault City. Check that fancy map thing of yours.
