HOL1 - ::wheeze:: Hi there. I'm Doc Holliday. How can I help you?
HOL2 - Now what do you want?
HOL3 - Who would you like me to heal?
HOL4 - Let me take a look at that. I can heal you, but it'll cost.
HOL5 - Yes, I can heal this... ::wheeze:: for a price.
HOL6 - What do I do here? You're in a hospital. I'm wearing a doctor's coat. I'm covered with blood. There are sharp, pointy things lying all around. Either I'm a successful killer or a fair doctor. Take your pick.
HOL7 - Let's see. I was born here years ago. Place was just getting started. I picked up when I was a teen and tooled around the place for a while. Met a woman. Fell in love. She died of sickness. I decided then that I was going to become a doctor.
HOL8 - You'd be surprised what people say when they're in pain.
HOL9 - That'll cost you $50.
HOL10 - For wounds like that, you'll be losing $100.
HOL11 - That looks like it must have hurt. Going to hurt your wallet, too... $150.
HOL12 - Ouch! You're going to need some serious patching. $200.
HOL13 - Whew... friend, this is going to hurt you a lot. $300 and you're good as new.
HOL14 - He should be okay after a little help from me... ::wheeze:: to the tune of $50.
HOL15 - You been seeing some action? I remember back when I was a little spitfire. Got plenty of holes in me, too. This misadventure will cost you $100.
HOL16 - Kid, do you take care of your friends? ::cough:: If you're going to take care of this friend, you'll need to pay $150.
HOL17 - You must be pretty good to inspire loyalty like this from your friends. I hope you're good...because this is going to cost ::cough:: $200.
HOL18 - Ouch! I'll need to put a cast on that or something. For my extensive medical knowledge, you'll be parting with $300.
HOL19 - Friend, you don't have that kind of money. I can sell you some stimpaks if you like, but with the healing you're looking for, you can't afford what I can afford to give you.
HOL20 - It's been a pleasure.
HOL21 - ::wheeze:: Are you hurt? Let me take a look at that. Do you have money?
HOL22 - Let me take a look at your bag. (he looks through your bag and takes something) Okay. Now, this may hurt a little bit.
HOL23 - Yes. Now... There! We're done. Good luck to you, okay? Don't get hurt!
HOL24 - That's right. I'm a doctor. Good to see that intelligence is alive and well in the post-nuclear world.
HOL25 - Threaten the only doctor in town. Good thinking. ::cough:: Friend, if you want something, you can ask politely. Otherwise, get the hell out of my hospital.
HOL26 - Child, you have a lot to learn about humor.
HOL27 - Stripling, you have a lot to learn about respect.
HOL28 - (You can see a glint of laughter in his eyes behind his glasses.) Don't see it too many other places these days. The young of the world, for example...
HOL29 - Relax, kid. Just joking around with you.
HOL30 - ... and what we refuse to tell you little bastards! (he bursts out laughing) Kid, the next time you need to see me for some medical help, it's on the house.
HOL31 - You're hurt? Let me fix that.
HOL32 - You're hurt? Let me fix that. I'll take care of your companions too.
HOL33 - There ya' go. All better.
HOL34 - Who's hurt? Oh, just line up and I'll take care of the lot of ya.
HOL35 - Surprisingly little. Sorry, but when I'm concentrating on healing someone, I don't usually pay attention to their innermost secrets.
HOL36 - So then I traveled to San Francisco and studied under the Chinese there... an old gentleman by the name of Mr. Fung taught me everything I know about medicine. He also taught me some wisdom.
HOL37 - I'm getting to that! Kids these days... so impatient.
HOL38 - Then, I came back here and watched Marcus build the town from the shanties I remember from my youth into the "sprawling metropolis" you see before you. I saw people attracted by promises of wealth. I saw people grow up and die. I saw the currents of history.
HOL39 - That means that I don't know most of the new people these days. Most of my memories are just that -- memories.
HOL40 - No, thank you for listening to me ramble. Next time you're here and need healing, it's on the house.
HOL41 - Yeah. Hope it was worth it! (he cackles)
