JENNY1 - Gee, mister, that was pretty quick. You must be pretty new at this sort of thing. Just relax a bit and you'll enjoy it more.
JENNY2 - That was nice. You seem like you know your way around a woman better than most men your age.
JENNY3 - You really have a lot of staying power. That's the nice thing about younger men. Sure wish there were more like you in town.
JENNY4 - Well, that was different. I hope you come back; I think I'd like to experiment with some ideas of my own next time.
JENNY5 - That sure was fun. You could be a real knockout if we got you out of those tribal duds. I wouldn't mind having you stick around for a while, sister. Ever considered a career change?
JENNY6 - You're different from the usual group around here.
JENNY7 - Well, it's been nice chattin' with you. I better get ready for another customer, though. Goodbye.
JENNY8 - You look a little confused. My name's Jenny; can I help you?
JENNY9 - Hmm, I think you just better clear out of here before Big Nose Sally finds you. She doesn't take kindly to idjits in her place.
JENNY10 - What would you like to know?
JENNY11 - Well, there's not much to tell about the trappers, really. They get a few gecko pelts... or get lucky with a few golden geckos... and then they come in to blow off some steam. Quick and not too demanding -- just the way I like 'em.
JENNY12 - You're interested in traders, huh? Well I mostly just worked for one trader. Vic was his name. He always had extra money to blow, at least when he worked he did. See, he specialized in really old stuff. You know, technical thingies.
JENNY13 - Vic was a real sweetheart. He would go off for weeks at a time and then come back with all kinds of beforetime things. But he often had to travel to the Den to sell them. Not much call for that sort of stuff 'round here.
JENNY14 - The Den is a hive of scum and villainy southeast of here. I guess about a week or so? Don't remember too clearly. Anyhow, it's an exciting place. Dangerous, but exciting. Sorry to leave there, in a way.
JENNY15 - I don't rightly know where Vic is. I know he has a house just down the street from us, to the east. He could be out trading with tribals or even in the Den, for all I know. I hope he's okay. He was getting to be more than just a steady customer to me.
JENNY16 - Hello there, mister. My name's Jenny. Looking for a good scrub-down?
JENNY17 - Hello there, miss. My name's Jenny. Can I help you?
JENNY18 - Well then, you better talk to Big Nose Sally. She makes all the business arrangements for us and she doesn't take kindly to any freelance work.
JENNY19 - Hello there, cute stuff. My name's Jenny. You looking for work here? If you move as good as you look, you could really make some good money here.
JENNY20 - Vault-Tec? He might have had something like that. I'm not sure. I know he did have a lot of really old stuff.
JENNY21 - A Geck? What's that? Some kind of small gecko, I'd guess. Sorry, I don't know what else it would be.
