CURL1 - Welcome to the Chemical Corps section, trooper. I'm Lt. Col. Dr. Charles Curling. Now that we've been introduced - get the hell out of my lab.
CURL2 - Well, Soldier, I don't know how you escaped your cell but I don't think we have anything to talk about.
CURL3 - I'm Lt. Col. Dr. Charles Curling, United States Chemical Corps. And just who the holy hell are you?
CURL4 - You need to talk to me? Who are you and why should I spend time talking to you?
CURL5 - The final resort of all tiny-minded primitives. It's so easy to see what separates you from real humans like us.
CURL6 - I don't see that there's much I need to talk about with a mutant. Soon, when real humans retake the planet for their own, you'll just be another unfortunate reminder of the war. 
CURL7 - Guards! Help! Guards!
CURL8 - Guards! Heeeelllllp!
CURL9 - Help needed in Chemical section! Urgent!
CURL10 - Guards! Alarm! Guards!
CURL11 - Shouldn't I be? Our research on the villagers clearly shows changes to their DNA. It's a natural result of all the background radiation.
CURL12 - No, not really. You're actually rather different, at least your DNA is. A rather unfortunate effect of generations of background radiation, I assume.
CURL13 - Oh, your DNA is more than just a *little* different. It's quite different. If I weren't so pressed for time by the Project I'd be interested in running further tests on your people, other than the FEV toxicological study, of course. Fascinating work really.
CURL14 - What did you want to know about?
CURL15 - There are a number of, primarily, very subtle changes. I haven't had time to look into the ramifications of the changes yet though. Also, I'd have to backtrack to isolate your initial gene-stock before I could hazard any ideas on the direction the changes are taking. All in all though, the information is clear enough.
CURL16 - Why, the information that you and your tribe are no longer human, of course. Since your tribe has only been out of a vault (let's see Vault 13 wasn't it?) for some eighty-odd years, anyone out longer is certain to have been even more compromised. Yes, I'm afraid that the conclusion is unavoidable.
CURL17 - Why, I thought that I had made myself perfectly clear. The conclusion that you, and all your kind, are no longer human. In order to retake the earth and to maintain the integrity of the human race, all you mutants will have to be destroyed.
CURL18 - The Project that the Enclave has dedicated itself to these past several decades has been the reestablishment of the human race upon the continental United States. God bless America.
CURL19 - Oh, just establishing an outpost wouldn't take long. We've already done that at Navarro. But it has taken a long time to work out the proper method for the eradication procedure.
CURL20 - Why yes, we can't move back to the mainland only to risk contamination by all of the mutated near-humans there. In order to make the United States safe for humanity, all of the mutants must first be exterminated.
CURL21 - I don't think so. I prefer to see it as social Darwinism at its finest. The survival of those best able to assure their own reproduction. The success of future generations, of the whole human race, depends upon us.
CURL22 - I hadn't ever stopped to think about it that way... Please, give me a minute, while I think this over very carefully.
CURL23 - That's preposterous. You're no more like me than a mutated, two-headed cow is like a normal heifer.
CURL24 - Your kind clearly isn't capable of understanding what I'm trying to tell you. It's hopeless. You should leave now.
CURL25 - Toxicological studies on the effectiveness of the FEV toxin, yes.
CURL26 - The FEV toxin. It's the perfect solution for this difficult problem.
CURL27 - One of our patrols found the research data, and several samples, about the FEV virus in a former military research base that had been almost completely destroyed.
CURL28 - The FEV was initially designed as a virus that was supposed to turn humans into super-soldiers. That experiment seems to have been an utter failure, although I did try a modification of the virus on one of our Secret Service agents with some success.
CURL29 - Oh, yes, well, I was getting to that... The FEV virus bond is species specific, it will only bond with human glycoprotein. It only took a few years to tweak the FEV virus to make it more lethal than it already was. The result was just what the doctor ordered, perfect in every way. 
CURL30 - Isn't it obvious, my mutated friend? The FEV is, thanks to me, a lethal toxin, and thanks to some mysterious genius named, rather dramatically, the Master, it only works on humans, mutated or not.
CURL31 - That means that we have the perfect disposal device for all of the near-human mutants infecting the globe.
CURL32 - The FEV toxin will only attack humans, leaving everything else alive. Better still, within a month all the mutants will be dead and the FEV toxin will die out as soon as it runs out of hosts.
CURL33 - You're right, there aren't. But we don't need them. We have a release system that will spray the FEV toxin straight from the vats to the outside atmosphere. The jet stream will take care of the rest. Global saturation within two weeks.
CURL34 - Yes, two weeks for the virus to spread, another month or so for it to run its course and then the United States will be ready for recolonization by real humans. Our species will have been saved.
CURL35 - Yes, I do. There is no price too high to pay for the survival of one's species.
CURL36 - I told you I need a moment to think this over.
CURL37 - I really do need some time to think.
CURL38 - This isn't a snap-decision.
CURL39 - I've got to think about this.
CURL40 - Give me a moment won't you?
CURL41 - I hate to admit this but you may be right. What we've been planning all along just isn't right. I was so blinded by trying to overcome the obstacles that I didn't think about the morality of my quest.
CURL42 - That might... No, that wouldn't work.
CURL43 - Because they'd just start over. Even with me dead, there's enough data between here and Navarro to assure that they could replicate my work. Only something more drastic will be enough.
CURL44 - The Enclave must be destroyed. Completely destroyed. If we're not, then we'll just pick up the pieces and start over somewhere else.
CURL45 - I think that the best way is to just release the FEV toxin into the air-filtration system. Since the Enclave is a sealed system that should take care of everyone.
CURL46 - I can release the antidote into the air-system for all the cells. The detention level is served by a separate air system from the rest of the Enclave. Everyone will think that I'm just running another test. You, I can inoculate directly, here and now. (he reaches for you with a syringe)
CURL47 - It's not pretty. You should leave as soon as possible. But I'd rather have the weight of a thousand on my conscience than several hundred-thousand. Our time is through here. We had our chance.
CURL48 - You should probably shut down the power. I know that the reactor is controlled by a large computer near the reactor bay but I don't know exactly what you'd need to do to shut the reactor down.
CURL49 - When the stars threw down their spears,                       And water'd heaven with their tears,                             Did he smile his work to see?                                   Did he who made the Lamb make thee?
CURL50 - Oh, just something I remembered from a long dead poet. I was wondering if there's still a place for those who've worked towards such a dark end for so long. Our time is over, yours has just begun. Get going!
CURL51 - Don't you understand? Without it you'll be dead in a matter of hours.
CURL52 - You'll never make it to free your people unless you're inoculated. What's the matter? Afraid of a little prick?
