BADGE1 - :::He belches loudly:: Whaddya want?
BADGE2 - ::He summons another throaty burp::
BADGE3 - ::He spits forth a horrific belch that defies the very heavens in its volume and depth::
BADGE4 - I'm Badger. I used to have a band. ::sigh:: Called ourselves There We Smolder. Now I'm the resident computer tech in San Fran.
BADGE5 - Uhh... okay.
BADGE6 - You oughta talk to Marc or the Captain about that.
BADGE7 - I'm the resident computer genius.
BADGE8 - Don't pester me. ::He farts:: I'm working on it, all right?
BADGE9 - Well, let's just say I'm an information retrieval specialist.
BADGE10 - Yeah, well, fuck you.
BADGE11 - I'll say! We kicked ass! Our singer was... umm... a bit of a ponce, and Aaron was always sweating, and everything else was Todd's fault. But we were good.
BADGE12 - You can usually find Marc down in the bar.
BADGE13 - The Captain's usually in the bridge. Just go up the stairs in the bar.
BADGE14 - Yeah, but it'll cost you.
BADGE15 - It means that I can find data you need.
BADGE16 - Yeah, you would have. Anyway, I have to get back to this.
BADGE17 - I think I like you enough that I can do it for you now. Who do you want me to visit?
BADGE18 - I suppose I can do it for free, since you checked for my girlfriend. It'll take a while, though. Who do you want me to hit?
BADGE19 - You gotta do me a favor, first. My girlfriend got herself lost in the tanker. Find her for me and I'll do it.
BADGE20 - You want me to hack a formatted computer? The information's gone. It ain't gonna happen.
BADGE21 - Like stealing candy from a baby. They'll never find me. What do you want from them?
BADGE22 - I can get them. They're pretty protective of their info, and they've got some serious ice protecting their machines. Are you sure you want me to go after them?
BADGE23 - Hey, find my girlfriend and then we'll talk.
BADGE24 - She's dead? She's DEAD? How did she die? No, wait... don't tell me. Give me a few hours to get myself together.
BADGE25 - All right. I'm better now.
BADGE26 - Thank you, thank you, thank you. I can't thank you enough for saving her. What do you want?
BADGE27 - Okay, I got into the Shi computers. I don't know if I made it out undetected. I guess now the best thing is to hide. You want anything else?
BADGE28 - Got the Hubologists. No problem. Need anything else?
BADGE29 - You just made a big mistake, pal. I just turned the Shi against you through their computers. You're finished in San Francisco. 
BADGE30 - Give me a few hours to get myself together.
BADGE31 - I've heard the Hubologists have some fuel, and I could take a looksee in their computer for you.
BADGE32 - The Shi have all the fuel around here. I could take a gander at their mainframe for you.
BADGE33 - All right, but shit might hit the fan.
BADGE34 - Alright. Check back with me in a day or so and I'll let you know.
BADGE35 - Yeah, I got the fuel.
BADGE36 - Yeah, I got the verti plans.
BADGE37 - Yeah, I got the fuel and the plans.
