CAT1 - [As you approach the cryogenic chamber, you see a slender, naked black man sprawled on the floor. His muscular body is still shaking from the icy, cold water. He looks up at you as you approach.]
CAT2 - [The man stands up and shakes himself dry like a wet animal. As he looks at you, his eyes suddenly get really wide and he starts gasping for air.]
CAT3 - [Standing up and shaking himself dry like a wet animal, the man looks at you and smirks, revealing some oddly sharp front teeth.] Who am *I*? Who are *you*? You look like a heavily armed hobo!
CAT4 - [Standing up and shaking himself dry like a wet animal, the man looks at you grinning widely, revealing some oddly sharp front teeth.] Who am *I*. Why, I'm only Sgt. Jules, the best-looking soldier on this base, gorgeous!
CAT5 - The name's Sgt. Jules, but you can call me Cat. I'm the fastest and best-looking soldier on this base.
CAT6 - You mean Doctor C? Why would he forget about me? Hell, he helped shape this work of *ART* [He gestures at his body].
CAT7 - This is some government facility as far as I know. They do all kinds of top secret research. But...[He looks around the room.] it's awfully quiet. Where is everybody?
CAT8 - [Sgt. Jules looks at you with a raised eyebrow.] You ain't kidding, are you? Well, they actually followed through with it then. Damn. Guess I'm lucky to have been pulled from the military and brought here.
CAT9 - Yep. I was the energy weapons expert. Pretty nimble on my feet too. I was only in the army for about a year before I was reassigned here. It's a shame I'll never see any of my friends again. I would have liked to have exchanged some goodbyes.
CAT10 - Yeah, ain't we all. What am I gonna to do now though?
CAT11 - I guess you're right. What am I going to do now though?
CAT12 - Don't you worry about this ol' cat. I'll find my place in this world. Now step aside and let the Cat do his thing.
CAT13 - Hey, why not! I'll show you this Cat still got what it takes.
CAT14 - You ready to take me with you?
CAT15 - I used to be the guard for one of the genetics labs. They were messing with human and feline DNA. Trying to make something with the best of both worlds, I suppose. And that's where yours truly comes in. [Cat flashes you his toothy grin.] They wanted a volunteer for one of their projects. It was for scouts and the like, supposed to make you more agile and flexible. I liked the sound of that *leers*. Anyway, they gave me this shot, put me under, and the next thing I knew, I had these teeth, and I felt.... sharper? Kind of predatory.
CAT16 - Well, apparently the experiment wasn't going as planned and whatever they put inside me wasn't sitting well with my system. I don't know what they meant by that, since I felt better than ever. They decided to throw me in the cryo freezer until they figured out what to do with me.
CAT17 - Yeah, you saved me. In return, maybe I can save your sense of style, monkey.
CAT18 - I might be able to teach you a thing or two about energy weapons and other big weapons. Now you have to remember...
CAT19 - There you go. That should help you melt those mutants who get in your way.
CAT20 - Jesus, your ugly. You ought to get yourself checked out. I'm outta here.
CAT21 - Baby, you got real ugly. I'm outta here.
CAT22 - Don't get me wrong, it is good to stick together, but you are taking this a little too far. Come back when you got less people. Now while you are making room, I'm going to find some clothing to wear. [Looking around, Cat Jules spots a locker, opens it and looks inside.] These really are not my style, but I guess they will do. [He quickly puts the clothing on.] Alright, let me know when you are ready.
CAT23 - I need to put on some clothing first. [Looking around, Cat spots a locker, opens it and looks inside.] These really aren't my style, but I guess they'll do. [He quickly puts the clothing on.] Alright, I'm good to go.
CAT24 - We moving out?
CAT25 - It is about time you got back.
CAT26 - Need something?
CAT27 - How can the Cat be of service?
CAT28 - Yes?
CAT29 - I'm feeling top notch.
CAT30 - Just a few scratches, nothing to worry about.
CAT31 - I've seen worse in the army.
CAT32 - Call a medic. I'm going down fast.
CAT33 - I don't have much patience, so hurry back.
CAT34 - I'm not a fan of waiting. Don't take too long.
CAT35 - Ok, but this is *my* shiny thing. And if you try and take it off me, I may have to shoot you.
CAT36 - Alright. I have your back.
CAT37 - Fine by me.
CAT38 - I work better solo anyway.
CAT39 - TEMP MESSAGE: DISTANCE
CAT40 - What's wrong with it?
CAT41 - TEMP MESSAGE: GEAR
CAT42 - What do you need to know?
CAT43 - TEMP MESSAGE: REMOVE ARMOR
CAT44 - Sure, it looks like crap anyway. Got anything in blue?
CAT45 - TEMP MESSAGE: CAN USE...
CAT46 - Well, I was trained to use the usual military stuff. Rifles, pistols, SMGs and the like. I prefer laser weapons and the like better though. Those have style! But if you give me some brass knuckles or one of those power fists, I'll pounce on any flat-footed goons before they know what hit them!
CAT47 - Don't get me wrong, it is good to stick together, but you are taking this a little too far. Come back when you got less people.
CAT48 - It's good to be on the move again. My legs need to keep moving.
CAT49 - It's about time we did something together again.
