Hello! We absolutely loved your voice and are excited to have you voice act the character! Here are some requests we have as you begin to record the lines:

0. When it comes time to submit your lines, reach out to me via discord or email. Some of the character's recordings may be too large to send via email / discord, so I may need to share a google drive to place the files in.

1. The recording should be in .wav, ideally 44100kHz Mono 32-bit but we can post process it on our end to format it.

2. In the folder there is a "_script.txt" file at the top that lists every line we need voiced
	-We need a separate .wav file recorded for every single line of dialog, saved under the file name before the hyphen (corresponds to one of the .txt files)

3. Please stick to the script verbatim, this is to allow the lip sync tool to work.

4. Please be sure that you record in a quiet environment. Fan / AC noise or anything else in the background will greatly reduce the quality of playback in game.
	
5. If you find that a sentence or line seems incomplete (without an ellipses) let me know, it could be something wrong with the script extraction tool.

6. Some lines of dialog will include narration (in parenthesis or brackets), these do not need to be spoken (unless it is a cough, sneeze, etc, e.g.)

7. The game changes the dialog dynamically based on the player's character's intelligence. If there are lines where your character is talking "like a baby", it is probably because they are being condescending.
	-In this case, the player's character probably has a very low intelligence skill.
	-For these lines, you'll want to adjust your tone accordingly to the personality of your character and how they might treat an "idiot".

8. If a line is all narration (not spoken dialog, observations from characters, e.g., usually in parenthesis), there is no need to record a line of dialog. You don't have to create a .wav for that line.

Again, we really appreciate the help you are giving us in recording the character. We hope you enjoy voicing the character and look forward to listening to their dialog in game!