MOR1 - What is it? You know I have a lot to do!
MOR2 - Mynoc said what? Out with it, child!
MOR3 - I do. You want some, is that it?
MOR4 - I already gave you the flint, stupid. Now stop wasting my time and get out of here!
MOR5 - Well... I want three doses of healing powder. Bad times are coming and I'm going to be ready. Bring them to me and you can have the flint. Now get to it!
MOR6 - Now don't waste my time. Do you have the powders?
MOR7 - Here is the flint. Now off with you! I don't have time to gossip.
MOR8 - I already gave you the flint, stupid. Oh well, at least I got my powders. Now off with you! I don't have time to gossip.
MOR9 - Well, I seem to have misplaced the flint. Oh well, at least I got my powders. Now off with you! I don't have time to gossip.
MOR10 - Well, I can't seem to find the flint. I'm sure you took it from me when I wasn't looking though. I caught you before. Now off with you! I don't have time to gossip.
MOR11 - Again you waste my time, worthless nephew! How did you ever become the Chosen One?
MOR12 - So you've returned. Did you find the holy Thirteen?
MOR13 - Then get yourself out of here and find it! People are depending on you!
MOR14 - Well, here you are again. Have you once again failed to complete your quest?
MOR15 - Then get yourself out of here and don't come back until you do! Why waste time coming back here, when you could be using that time to continue your search!?
MOR16 - The fact that you are standing here must mean that you have completed your quest. You wouldn't waste precious time returning here empty-handed, would you?
MOR17 - So, child. Once again you stand before me. Are you empty-handed yet again?
MOR18 - Listen, Child. People are dying, cattle are dying, and crops are failing. Everyone is either hungry, sick, or both. Our time draws near. If you do not find the GECK soon, we are doomed. Do you understand me?
MOR19 - Then get yourself out of here and find the GECK! People are depending on you!
MOR20 - What do you think you are doing, child? This is no way for the Chosen One to act. Now get out of my sight!
MOR21 - If this flint is so important that you are willing to disgrace the name of the Chosen One, then here. Take the flint and get out of my sight.
MOR22 - Well... Oh, very well. Here is the flint. I wish you a safe journey, child. 
MOR23 - No, I don't. Now stop wasting my time and get out of here!
MOR24 - Well... Oh, I'm sorry but I seem to have misplaced the flint. I wish you a safe journey though, child. 
