STEVE1 - Hi there! I'm Steve. I'm the guy who can tell you where's where and what's what in this fine town. Can I direct you someplace, or give you any help today?
STEVE2 - Oh dear. Another poor child of the wastes. Well, come in. You'll find we're just as hospitable as any of the other towns in the wasteland.
STEVE3 - Indeed. Good luck, wanderer. And good bye.
STEVE4 - Broken Hills. We're a mining town. We dig for things. Then we sell them.
STEVE5 - That's right. Out of the ground. We have a mine. I don't think they have a job for you there, though. If you want one, talk to the Outfitter.
STEVE6 - We sell what we dig to other towns around here. They find it useful. If you want to sell something, you can talk to many of the merchants here. Anyway, I have to get back to work. You be good and careful here, okay?
STEVE7 - I have to get back to work. You be good and careful here, okay?
STEVE8 - You again? Well, you know what you have to do -- be good and careful. Take care!
STEVE9 - We're a small mining community. We were founded several decades ago by our sheriff, Marcus, and a man named Jacob. The two of them chose this site because it was near some uranium deposits. Would you like to hear more?
STEVE10 - We're a collective of humans, mutants, and ghouls. We don't have the racial tensions that plague Vault City; in our eyes, everyone's equal.
STEVE11 - Nominally, Sheriff Marcus is in charge of the city. He helped found it, and he helps us through our crises. In truth, though, everyone in the city has a voice.
STEVE12 - Aside from the mutants being dead and our only source of livelihood destroyed...
STEVE13 - Aside from you being a hero for exposing the corruption in our midst...
STEVE14 - Aside from realizing we have a cancer in our midst with the escape of Franc and Manson...
STEVE15 - Aside from Chad's betrayal of the city and your justice -- for which everyone's grateful -- 
STEVE16 - Not too much, really.
STEVE17 - Oh. You again. You want to know more?
STEVE18 - Hi again. You want to know more?
STEVE19 - Welcome back. You want to know more?
STEVE20 - You want to know more?
STEVE21 - We make our living by refining the ore we dig from the hills, and selling it to nearby communities like Vault City, Gecko, and the New California Republic. We use some ourselves for our own power. More?
STEVE22 - Everyone's equal. We all came from humans; we all have the same core underneath the exterior. To say that someone's evil just because of their appearance indicates only ignorance.
STEVE23 - We find that it works fine for our purposes. Plus, Marcus is eminently fair.
STEVE24 - He is old. But he's holding up well. See, he's a mutant, and apparently they live longer than most other folks.
STEVE25 - So now we're eking out a living, creating our own version of civilization, and doing our best to avoid giving in to Vault City or NCR -- we don't need their style of government. That's all.
STEVE26 - If you're going to persist in believing you can judge someone's mind by what you see on the outside, then yes. You are undeniably ignorant.
STEVE27 - Anyway, that's all I wanted to say. Welcome to Broken Hills.
STEVE28 - If the mutants intended us harm, they'd have moved on us before now. They're not going to last forever -- in fact, most of them are going senile now. Building a community isn't going to help them achieve their aims.
STEVE29 - Pal, the more I talk to you, the dumber I feel myself becoming. With an attitude like that, you won't be too welcome in Broken Hills. Excuse me. I have a job to do.
STEVE30 - We have a mine, a refinery, a tavern, a hotel -- which, by the way, has lost its owner, so we just let people stay there free -- a hospital, a general store, and a chemist. We grow our own food.
STEVE31 - Well, many of them have. Since mutants are sterile... or so I'm led to believe ... they're dying out. The ones who are left seem to be getting senile, too. Not Marcus, though. He's still as sharp as ever.
STEVE32 - You can usually find Marcus near the bank -- that also serves as a tougher jail -- or at the Jail. Sometimes he's in the tavern or at home, but he's usually working.
STEVE33 - Marcus, are you sure you don't want to stick around and lead us for a while?
STEVE34 - Marcus: Ain't no future in it. You'll do fine without me.
STEVE35 - Pal, you're not wanted here. You've done enough damage.
