JOSEPH1 - Hello, I'm Joseph the herbalist. What can I help you with?
JOSEPH2 - Why, certainly. Hmmm. You'll need to take some of this. I'll apply this balm to the wound. Now just lie back and rest for a couple of hours.
JOSEPH3 - Why, certainly. Hmmm. This will take a while, so you'll have to stay here overnight. You'll need to take this, drink this -- all of it, I know it tastes foul. Now, just lie back and I'll wake you in the morning.
JOSEPH4 - I'm sorry, but I'm not a medical doctor and I can't perform surgery. I would suggest that you go to one of the bigger cities and see a surgeon. Try the New California Republic. It's east of here.
JOSEPH5 - What would you like to know?
JOSEPH6 - No, I'm not a prisoner. I stay because I'm needed here. I've learned to accept the fact that some of my patients are deathclaws.
JOSEPH7 - Yes I can, and often do. I have to collect my herbs from time to time, and I've never been stopped. I used to wonder if the deathclaws were secretly following me and whether or not they would stop me if I tried to leave. So one day I put the theory to test.
JOSEPH8 - I traveled to another town and stayed there a week or so before returning. When I got back, I was warmly welcomed. Gruthar, the pack leader, came to me privately and personally thanked me for coming back. No, I am definitely here because I want to be.
JOSEPH9 - Well, let's see... Deathclaws appear to be mutated Jackson's Chameleons, the horned variety. There are a lot of similarities still present, but an even greater number of differences. The mutation factor is quite high. This species is highly intelligent, about the equivalent of an eight-year-old, with some individuals reaching human normal level. Their learning capacity is very high and they are capable of abstract thought and reasoning.
JOSEPH10 - Although they do not have vocal chords, the deathclaws seem to mimic human speech much the same as a parrot does. I have yet to discover the exact mechanism behind this, so I am unable to say more at this time. Socially, they are pack animals with a very rigid code of ethics. They are led by an 'alpha male' who rules with the mutual consent of the pack. They appear to be extremely loyal to the pack as a whole, treating it as a family unit rather than having individual families as humans do.
JOSEPH11 - Their sense of right and wrong is very well defined. They do follow a code of ethics that is enforced by the pack as a whole. Violence is never used as a solution to a problem among the pack as far as I can see. There have been no 'capital crimes' committed here, so I can't say how those are handled. Hmmm. That's about all I can think of for now. I hope this helps you.
JOSEPH12 - I was gathering some herbs one night when a voice called to me out of the darkness. 'I have been watching you,' it said, 'and I know that you are a healer. Are you dedicated to your art enough to heal someone foreign to you? Someone whom many would consider an enemy?'
JOSEPH13 - I answered that I respected all life and would do my best to heal the injured, regardless of who or what they were. I thought it was some thief or raider who had gotten himself hurt and needed a doctor. You can't begin to imagine my surprise when a couple of deathclaws stepped out of the night with an injured companion. Somebody had shot him up real good. I told them I couldn't work on him where we were, so they blindfolded me and brought me here. I've been here from that day forward.
