ABOTT1 - Welcome to the Abbey, traveler. How can I help you?
ABOTT2 - How can I help you?
ABOTT3 - What do you want to know?
ABOTT4 - Hmm... that *does* sound familiar. Why, yes, I recall Brother Thomas mentioning something about that recently. I'm sorry, but I don't recall exactly what he said.
ABOTT5 - I don't know anything about that.
ABOTT6 - I'm afraid I won't be able to do that. You see, I am under the impression that Brother Thomas is no longer among the living. But, fortunately for you, he was one of our most reliable transcribers. I'm sure whatever articles he came across concerning the information you seek has been transcribed into our computers.
ABOTT7 - Brother Thomas has been missing for several days, ever since he went down to the caverns below the Abbey. [He sighs wearily.] You see, some of the Abbey's residents claimed to have seen a huge beast lurking down there, and Brother Thomas was quite skeptical. He took it upon himself to go dispel these rumors, yet, as it turns out, his disappearance has only further validated them.
ABOTT8 - I suppose that's possible, but you must understand. We are a peaceful people. The thought of going up against one of those wasteland monsters is terrifying to us. We're simply not equipped for such confrontations. 
ABOTT9 - You'd really do that? Perhaps while you're down there, you could look for a certain book. You see, it was last known to be in Brother Thomas's possession, and it's very important to us, as it was passed down by our founders. If you could retrieve that book, I would be most grateful. In fact, I'd grant you full access to our computers, so you can look for whatever you desire.
ABOTT10 - Thank you. Please let me know if you find the book.
ABOTT11 - Hello, my friend.
ABOTT12 - Excellent! Let me have it!
ABOTT13 - [He takes the book from you and caresses its cover as if to sooth it.] You have done us a great service. You now have full access to our computers in the library. Tell Brother Paul I grant you permission to access our files.
ABOTT14 - You want money for it? Fine, here's $250. Go see Brother Paul for access to the computers.
ABOTT15 - You should look on a second floor computer, now that you have full access there.
ABOTT16 - After the Great War, the guiding hands of fate directed our ancestors to this old Abbey in the mountains. Due to its remote location, the monastery survived the Flame Deluge mostly unscathed. As our ancestors explored the building, they discovered an extensive library of books. And not just religious texts, oh no, this library contained the gamut of written works, from literary classics, to scientific encyclopedias.
ABOTT17 - They soon realized the true treasure trove of wisdom stored within those books--especially the scientific tomes. Here were the chronicles of a fallen civilization. A lost age. There were a few who thought it might be best to destroy this knowledge, for fear that it would once again guide humanity towards apocalypse. But it was eventually decided that they would instead dedicate themselves to ensuring the preservation of the books, to be released when, and if, the world was ready for it.
ABOTT18 - And so, utilizing a small printing press, they began making copies of the books, and also transcribing them into the Abbey's computers to preserve them digitally, should the physical books ever be destroyed. Over the long years, others have come across the Abbey, and some have elected to stay and live out their lives in the tranquil quiet of our mountain home.
ABOTT19 - They never told where they originally came from. We suspect that they came here originally from the east.
ABOTT20 - Our holy mission is to read, copy and take care of our sacred books of knowledge and other relics of the lost age. It is our hope that with this knowledge we are able to create a Memorabilia that might one day help humanity emerge from its self-imposed Dark Age. Any information that we come across is recorded, lest it be lost like so much was in the great Flame Deluge.
ABOTT21 - That is great news, indeed. That waterpump had been acting up for quite some time. Those merchants said they could take care of it, but they didn't seem to be making much progress. It's a good thing you came along. Thank you again.
ABOTT22 - [Frowns.] I see. Fine, here, take these coins. Now go, and stop bothering me.
ABOTT23 - Excellent! And how about the book; were you able to recover it?
ABOTT24 - What!? [He sighs deeply.] It is most unfortunate that you were unable to recover that book. But you say you've killed the beast? Hm, then it should be safe to send our own people down to continue searching for it. Anyway, for your service, I shall grant you access to our computers. Go see Brother Paul for the access key.
ABOTT25 - Actually, yes. Our main water pump has been acting up for some time, and now it finally seems to have broken down completely. If you know anything about machinery, do you think you could take a look and see if something could be done? There are a few merchants already working on it. I fear that little progress has been made though.
ABOTT26 - What!? Oh, fine. If that's the kind of person you are, then you shall receive payment for your service. Here's 25 coins to begin with.  Please let me know if something can be done. [The man sighs as he hands you the coins]
ABOTT27 - Really? Please, do tell.
ABOTT28 - Oh thank you. You are indeed a great help. Please report back once you install the new part.
ABOTT29 - I have indeed read much in my life. Yet you might be disappointed at the limitations of my knowledge. You see, we record and preserve. We are forbidden to act upon the wisdom of these books, therefore our understanding of the text is quite limited.
ABOTT30 - As I've said, it is our job to preserve this knowledge, not to understand it. Before this knowledge can be returned to mankind, he must first prove to have risen above his tendency of mass genocide. That's the only way to ensure that history does not repeat itself.
ABOTT31 - I understand your frustration with our ways, but you must understand that this is the way things have always been for us. To alter things now, after so many years... that would be blasphemous against our faith. Still, I shall consider your words. I sense great wisdom in you, wanderer. It is a pity I have met very few like you.
ABOTT32 - I understand your frustration with our ways, but you must understand that this is the way things have always been for us. To alter things now, after so many years... that would be blasphemous against our faith. No, I feel we must continue to live by the rules set by our ancestors.
ABOTT33 - I do not know all the names of our founders, but the most important one I am aware of is Miller. Before the Great War he was an electrical engineer working for the United States government. Shortly thereafter, he converted to Catholicism and made an oath with himself that we would spend the rest of his life preserving the knowledge of the past. His greatest fear was that this knowledge would be lost forever and thus needed to be preserved so that future generations may benefit.
ABOTT34 - Really? That's great. That is very brave of you. You're a big boy.
ABOTT35 - Really? That's great. That is very brave of you. You're a big girl.
ABOTT36 - Did you happen to find a book lying there? A friend of mine had it, and he went missing.
ABOTT37 - That's great. Thanks. You're one special guy.
ABOTT38 - That's great. Thanks. You're one special gal.
ABOTT39 - Ah... so it's as I feared. Brother Thomas shall be dearly missed. You have my thanks for ridding us of whatever wasteland beasts lurked down there. However, I... I don't suppose you found a book while you were down there. It's a very important book that was last known to be in Brother Thomas's possession.
