LOPAN1 - What do you want?
LOPAN2 - Get out of here, idiot. I don't have anything to say to you.
LOPAN3 - I'm Lo Pan. I'm the best fighter in town, except for the Dragon. And one day, he's a dead man. When that happens, I'll teach others my style.
LOPAN4 - You want to learn? Do you have what it takes? Let's see.
LOPAN5 - I am done training today. Return tomorrow.
LOPAN6 - You're pretty good already. Go learn to shoot or something.
LOPAN7 - It appears that you need no more training from me.
LOPAN8 - Teach you? I don't think so. You look far too self-righteous. Get out of here.
LOPAN9 - Oh, look, the idiot. I don't want to talk to you. Go away.
LOPAN10 - Him? The Dragon. He's a weakling who fosters weakness.
LOPAN11 - Evil? Hardly. Just smart. Maybe if you're so concerned about doing the right thing by people, you should see the Dragon. He likes simpering weaklings like you.
LOPAN12 - Yes, I should. And I do. Unfortunately, the Dragon stands in the way. We're too evenly balanced in our fight against each other. I need just one trained person to help me.
LOPAN13 - Are you? Can you fight a man hand to hand, foot to face, without relying on armor and weapons?
LOPAN14 - Because otherwise the peasants will curse me and it'll make it that much harder to cow them when I've beaten the Dragon.
LOPAN15 - You want to fight me to the death, or do you just want to see who's better?
LOPAN16 - Great. I hope you have a grave ready. Did the Dragon send you?
LOPAN17 - A tough one, eh? You'll fight my men first, and then we'll see if you're worthy of fighting me.
LOPAN18 - You have already defeated my men. You have passed my test. You are ready to fight the Dragon.
LOPAN19 - You have already defeated my men. No others wish to challenge you.
LOPAN20 - I'm Lo Pan. I'm also the "sworn enemy" of the Dragon. Why he insists on having a sworn enemy is beyond me. I just fight as well as him, and I think he's weak-hearted and allows others to live under his shadow. We're enemies because we have the same fighting style, and whoever wins will be the one who carries the tradition.
LOPAN21 - I may be a scumbag, but never will it be said I don't stand up for my people. I'm going to hurt you before you die.
LOPAN22 - Then you're a fool and a dog doing the bidding of others. I will laugh when you die.
LOPAN23 - Good. At least you're your own master. Are you tough enough to fight without weapons or armor?
LOPAN24 - Baaa, sheep, baaa! Go back to your robed masters. I don't have anything to say to you.
LOPAN25 - Didn't I tell you to talk to the Dragon about your moral qualms? He'll hold your hand. I won't. Now leave.
LOPAN26 - You are, I must admit, even a better fighter than I am. You wanna try for the Dragon?
LOPAN27 - No, it's not. But the Dragon still beats me. If you have any backbone, you'll take him out. But then, I never expected pride from a lao wai.
LOPAN28 - I just got back from killing a lao wai who tried to steal our secrets. The Dragon and I took him out. We worked well together, I must admit.
LOPAN29 - The Dragon is dead. I don't believe it. At least now we won't have those pesky traditions dogging our every step. Thanks.
LOPAN30 - You have helped me and did not even know it. With the Dragon dead I no longer have to follow those outdated moral traditions.
LOPAN31 - First, you will need to prove you can do it. I will have you go up against five of my fighters - one at a time. If you beat them then you will receive your final test.
LOPAN32 - You will need to defeat my chosen apprentice. However, none of these battles will be to the death - to protect my men, of course. [he sneers]
LOPAN33 - [Lo Pan studies you and then throws a quick punch which smacks you in the nose before you can even react.] You are not good enough.
