CAP1 - Oh, yeah. You gotta get the navigation computer working as well. I bet you'd find parts for it in one of those old vaults.
CAP2 - What the hell do you want? I don't speak to anyone unless they're friends or good people. Do something for one of my buddies and then come talk to me.
CAP3 - I heard what you did for my men. Thanks. What can I help you with?
CAP4 - Good to see you again. What do you need?
CAP5 - I'm the Captain. I run the ship. Any more questions, go talk to one of the Shi or Badger or someone. I don't have time for you.
CAP6 - This ship's a Poseidon tanker. It's equipped with tech that lasted through the war. It's got a FOB that allows access to the navigation computer room, and its got an IFF transponder that protects it from Poseidon guns. Course, that ain't gonna help you any against that old Chinese sub, so you best hope that thing's as dead as she looks.
CAP7 - I used to serve with the Enclave. Then I realized it wasn't the USA I was fighting for; it was for the rich old bastards who didn't want to give up their power. I deserted and now I live here with more honest people.
CAP8 - How do you pilot this rig? Well, I see you already gassed her up. When you've taken care of everything else, just press the button. The computer will take care of the rest, if it's still working. It'll sail right out to the oil rig - unless that old sub blows it up. But at least you won't have to worry about the Enclave firing at you, because you've got the IFF transponder. Just make sure you've got what you need to access everything: FOB, working computer, and fuel. Easy enough, huh?
CAP9 - How do you pilot this rig? Fill 'er up with some gas - try the Hubologists or the Shi after you've taken care of everything else - and press the button. The computer will take care of the rest, if it's still working. It'll sail right out to the oil rig - unless that old sub blows it up. But at least you won't have to worry about the Enclave firing at you, because you've got the IFF transponder. Just make sure you've got what you need to access everything: FOB, working computer, and fuel. Easy enough, huh?
CAP10 - IFF: Identify Friend or Foe. It means that this ship is identified as a friend, so other Poseidon things - like, say, an oil rig - won't fire at you when you come into range. Oh, and a FOB is some sort of Enclave technology that lets you enter a door electronically. You'd probably find one of them at one of their bases or some such place.
CAP11 - Yes. With these people, you know exactly where you stand. They don't play games. The Enclave was like a pack of hyenas - they'd turn on you in a second.
CAP12 - The Enclave is remnants of old times. If you take this thing across the water to the rig, you'll find out for yourself.
CAP13 - Easy enough. I just left the Navarro base one day and headed down here. I figured it was the last place anyone would look. Besides, I'm not important enough for the Enclave to look for me - I'm just a loose end.
CAP14 - There's a big Poseidon oil rig left out on the water. That's the final base of the Enclave, and unless I miss my bet, that's where your friends are, too.
CAP15 - There's a big Poseidon oil rig left out on the water. That's the final base of the Enclave.
CAP16 - Word gets around.
CAP17 - Beats me. I was a Navarro tech, not a rig operator. We talked to them over the comm lines, and that was about the extent of it.
CAP18 - There's an old Chinese submarine marooned out there in the bay. Damn thing gives me the creeps, lurking out there under the water like a rusty ghost. I doubt it's still active, but if it was, its automated weapons systems could blow this tanker to hell before you even got close to that oil rig.
CAP19 - Well, for one, she's been sitting there rotting in the ocean since the great war. Plus, if she were active, she would've fired on this rig back when the Enclave first docked it here. Course, I wouldn't put it past the Shi to go there and start tinkering with it, so you never know. Might be worth checking into before you set sail.
CAP20 - If anyone knows what's going on with that sub, it'd be the Shi. The sub's what brought 'em here in the first place - I wouldn't be surprised if they worship the thing. The Shi Emperor would know everything, of course, but good luck with that. You'd be better off asking Lao Chou, over at the Flying Dragon 8 - he's been known to dole out information from time to time. Hell, maybe you could even get one of the dock workers to talk.
