SALLY1 - Hello there, my name's Sally Dunton. Hmm, did you catch that?
SALLY2 - Well, that's a right nice try for an idjit. But I ain't having none of your kind in here. Now, git out. Shoo, shoo.
SALLY3 - I know you're a tribal and all, but this is a bathhouse, not an outhouse. Git out afore I have you thrown out!
SALLY4 - I know my boys have taken up with some poor sorts, but you're the worst yet. I just can't believe that you let them down. I won't have you in my place. Now, get out.
SALLY5 - My name's Sally Dunton, but mostly they call me Big Nose Sally. I'm the owner of this here bathhouse. We have a whole houseful of special, attended baths for you to pick from.
SALLY6 - My name's 'Big Nose' Sally Dunton and I'm the owner of this here bathhouse. I'm afraid that we just have girl bath attendants here. That alright with you?
SALLY7 - I'm sorry that we couldn't help you out. Come on back later, though.
SALLY8 - If you just want an unattended bath, you might try the Golden Gecko or the Buckner House. But I doubt that you'll find that as enjoyable.
SALLY9 - The special baths that we have available vary in cost by the amount of time that the gal spends with you, and any special services that you take advantage of.
SALLY10 - The baths that we have available are: a Wash Cloth Hand Wipe, a brief Full Body Wash, and, lastly, the Round-the-World Full Squeaky Clean Servicing, offered by the beautiful and talented Jenny, recently trained at the finest house in the Den.
SALLY11 - No, you have to choose one at a time, but you can always come back for more -- usually after a brief rest.
SALLY12 - Well, for an attractive individual like yourself that would only cost $25.
SALLY13 - Hmm, you look as though you need a real bath first; that'll make the price $35.
SALLY14 - I think any of our girls would be happy to give you a full body wash; I just better watch the time to make sure it's a brief one (chuckle). The Brief Full Body Wash will cost you $55.
SALLY15 - You could use a bit of real scrubbing; don't you tribals know about soap? Oh well, that'll cost you $70 for the Brief Full Body Wash... but I'm sure that you'll be happy with the results.
SALLY16 - Well I'm sure that your Round-the--World trip Servicing with beautiful Jenny will be an experience that you'll savor for quite a while. A real bargain at only $125.
SALLY17 - Hmm, I don't know if Jenny will even take you in the condition that you're in. You're going to need a thorough, no-nonsense, scrubbing first. (To herself: I wonder if Gerda is free for that?) With the cost of the pre-scrubbing, the Round-the-World Full Squeaky Clean Servicing is yours for only $185.
SALLY18 - That's a great choice, if you don't have a lot of time or money.
SALLY19 - I think you'll really enjoy this. 
SALLY20 - I think that you'll enjoy Jenny bathing you more than any bath you've ever had.
SALLY21 - We don't handle that sort of thing here. Try talking to my sons, Chuck and Buck Dunton. I understand that their brahmin are pretty darn popular with a certain set.
SALLY22 - You don't have enough money. Come back when you're able to pay.
SALLY23 - It seems as though your eyes are bigger than your budget. Perhaps you'd like to try a cheaper washing.
SALLY24 - I'm certain that one of my sons would be happy to help you out. But you might want to come back here afterwards; most gals that spend any time with my boys get a hankerin' to bathe themselves real good.
SALLY25 - Back again, huh? A lot of folks just can't seem to get clean enough.
SALLY26 - Well now, it wouldn't be fair to discount any of our services. My gals are well worth what they charge.
SALLY27 - Before we go any further, you've gotta know that the baths are for individuals, not groups. You can make your own arrangements, and then your friends can do as they please on their own.
