CHAD1 - Howdy, friend! What can I do for you?
CHAD2 - More questions? I'll see what I can do for answers.
CHAD3 - Look what the wasteland dragged in! Sorry, pal, I can't help you.
CHAD4 - I'm Chad. 
CHAD5 - Look, I'm very busy. Please go find someone else to bother.
CHAD6 - I'm the caravan master for the city. I take care of the business on the other end of the trade routes. These days, I'm focusing primarily on Gecko.
CHAD7 - Tell you about Broken Hills? Well... I moved here a few years back. Got a job with the Bill -- that's the Outfitter -- and moved up to where I am now. I report to Marcus and the Bill, but I'm responsible for the livelihood of the town.
CHAD8 - Like what?
CHAD9 - Look, I don't know anything about that, and I sure as hell don't like it when people accuse me of things. Now I suggest you leave.
CHAD10 - Talk to the Bill. He'll help you out.
CHAD11 - Yeah, it is. You wouldn't think it, but I get to travel and see the world... and I feel I contribute to the town here. It's a good life.
CHAD12 - Probably a hell of a lot more exciting than what you do with your life, jerkoff.
CHAD13 - I don't know what yer talking about. I suggest you drop this matter before you start to piss people off. Now get outta here.
CHAD14 - Wrong answer. Looks like you picked the wrong guy to mess with.
CHAD15 - Ah dammit, I knew this wouldn't last forever. [Looks around and lowers his voice.] Alright, listen. Keep your mouth shut about this little matter. Here's $1000 to keep you quiet. [He hands you the money.] Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get going.
CHAD16 - Ah dammit I knew this wouldn't last forever. (Looks around and lowers his voice.) Alright listen. Keep your mouth shut about this little matter. Here's $1000 to keep you quiet. [He hands you the money and you hand him his briefcase.] Now if you excuse me I have to get going.
CHAD17 - What the!? Who the hell are you?
CHAD18 - Yeah and I'm Saint Nick. Now who the fuck are you and why are you in my house?
CHAD19 - *Stares blankly*
CHAD20 - Listen, I don't give a flying fuck about any of your rambling bullshit. You're the one who's been snooping around, asking questions about the missing caravan money.
CHAD21 - Oh yeah? Let me help. The documents you're looking for are in a briefcase that's locked away in the bottom drawer of that dresser over there. But you're never gonna touch it, 'cause I'm gonna kill you, you fuckin' do-gooder. If it weren't for you, I coulda kept skimming off the caravan runs for another couple months. But no, you had to go an' meddle in affairs that aren't any of your fuckin' concern. So now I gotta flee town, but at least I'll have the pleasure of leaving your corpse behind.
CHAD22 - You think I'm stupid? That big ugly prick would lock me up in a second. No, I'm afraid someone's certainly going to die here. And it's not gonna be me!
CHAD23 - Oh really?...I thought I recognized you. Oh yeah? Let me help. The documents you're looking for are in a briefcase that's locked away in the bottom drawer of that dresser over there. But you're never gonna touch it, 'cause I'm gonna kill you, you fuckin' do-gooder. If it weren't for you, I coulda kept skimming off the caravan runs for another couple months. But no, you had to go an' meddle in affairs that aren't any of your fuckin' concern. So now I gotta flee town, but at least I'll have the pleasure of leaving your corpse behind.
CHAD24 - Alright, Alright. I admit to everything. I don't want to die for this. Tell Marcus I'll come peacefully.
