KUR1 - Sulik! [She catches herself and begins to whisper.] Do the spirits be teasing, or is that really you, brother?
KUR2 - [Sulik rushes to the gate door and clasps the outstretched hands of his sister. You turn away to give some privacy to their emotional reunion. Moments later, a twig snaps outside the building. Sulik lets go of his sister and reaches for his weapon as he glances at the door. No more sounds come from outside.]
KUR3 - [Sulik's sister turns to you.] Bonespirits say you be leading Sulik. Name's Kurisu, but now not the time for proper greetin'. Please, you needin' to get us out of cage and away from de wicked men ruled by spirits of lust. [She sneers and spits in the dirt.] Filthy dogs will not be laying hands on us again. [Upon hearing this, Sulik's eyes widen as his face contorts with rage. He reaches for his weapon.]
KUR4 - [A few minutes pass by and you finally hear a click from the lock. The door swings open.]
KUR5 - [A few minutes pass by and you are unsuccessful at unlocking the door.]
KUR6 - [You put the key in the lock and unlock the gate, it screeches as it opens.]
KUR7 - Any luck, fren? Please hurry.
KUR8 - If you be choosin' me for a lay, you best expect a fight -- wait, you don't be having the demon mark on your head. Who you be?
KUR9 - My name be Kurisu. I come from tribe to south west, sits next to the Great Salt Water. Slavers got me. Got others too, but they been sent on. They say they ain't done with me. Be keeping me around for their wicked pleasure. Please, you needin' to get us out of cage and away from de evil men.
KUR10 - Why there be so much commotion out there? Ah, I sense many have gone to join the spirits. Who be... Sulik? Do the spirits be teasing, or is that really you, brother?
KUR11 - [Sulik rushes to the gate door and clasps the outstretched hands of his sister. You turn away to give some privacy to their emotional reunion. Moments later, his sister turns to you.] Bonespirits say you be leading Sulik. Name's Kurisu, but now not the time for proper greetin'. The Slavers, they be dead, yes?
KUR12 - Praise the spirits! Please, unlock this door. We eager to go from this evil place.
KUR13 - Why there be so much commotion out there? Ah, I sense many have gone to join the spirits. And I sense you be the one sending em. What you be needin', Ghost-maker?
KUR14 - It be safe yet? You sent the slavers to the spirits?
KUR15 - Praise the spirits, we be home at last! Thank you so much, fren.
KUR16 - Was trading in nearby village. Slavers came. Much bloodshed and chaos. Then, everything go dark. Awoke in packed cage reeking of shit. Soon moved to smaller cage, with ones they like to be keeping. Peeped many slaves come and go. Sad to see people be treated like cattle.
KUR17 - Slavers hurt me, but I far from broken. The spirits guided you to ensure my freedom. Clearly, the spirits be planning something big for me. Spirits got big plans for you, too. And brother Sulik. He will be much missed, but the spirits say his place is walking by-and-by with you. Hell, even Grampy Bone like you, so I know Sulik in good hands. You take care.
KUR18 - Slavers hurt me, but I far from broken. The spirits guided you to ensure my freedom. Clearly, the spirits be planning something big for me. Soon, I think I be going to hunt down brother. Knowing Sulik, he prolly got in trouble, trying to come help me. Now, perhaps I be the one helping him.
KUR19 - That be Sulik alright! And Grampy Bone, too! Please, could you go bring Sulik home? I be missing that man so much.
KUR20 - Hello, fren. Any lu-- Sulik!
KUR21 - [Kurisu rushes to Sulik, who sweeps her up into an embrace. You turn away to give them some privacy during their emotional reunion. Several moments later, Kurisu turns to you with a grin as she wipes tears from her eyes.] Thank you, fren, for finding brother. Spirits got big plans for you and Sulik. He will be much missed, but the spirits say his place is walking by-and-by with you. Hell, even Grampy Bone like you, so I know Sulik in good hands. You take care.
KUR22 - Hello, fren. You be having luck finding brother Sulik?
KUR23 - Sulik... dead? Truly, this be a dark day. I know he be with Grampy now, but Sulik... he will be much missed. [She looks away as tears fill her eyes.] Please... I need being alone now. Thank you... for bringing me home.
KUR24 - Brother Sulik will be much missed.
KUR25 - Thanks again, fren. May the spirits bless you.
