ZEKE1 - My name's Zeke, stranger. I'm sorry, but I don't have time to talk to you -- and I don't think there's anything in this town for you, anyway. You should move on.
ZEKE2 - Well, I think you'll find that we're all out of answers here. Why don't you come back when we get a shipment in?
ZEKE3 - Hello, again. I still don't have any answers for you, stranger. Why don't you take a hint and get the duck out of fodge?
ZEKE4 - Rebecca has told me what you did for her. I want to apologize for the treatment you received here. You certainly didn't deserve it. What can I help you with?
ZEKE5 - What can I help you with?
ZEKE6 - What do you want to know?
ZEKE7 - Yes, I do. I act as the middle man between him and the people up here. I'm not very happy about the fact, now that I know what he's up to.
ZEKE8 - Nothing. They have the guns, they control the water, and they control the food. That means they are in charge. Period. We have no skills and no means of support without the backing of Darion. How can we turn against him? We're at his mercy.
ZEKE9 - It's behind that door over there, but it's locked from the other side and trapped, too. I don't have any means of opening it... Wait a minute. I found this key card some time ago, and I have no idea what it is for. Rebecca says that you found some sort of door where they were holding Chrissy. Maybe this card will open it. Here, take it.
ZEKE10 - Just the problems with the NCR, but I think the deal you offered will solve that.
ZEKE11 - There's a city west of here called NCR. They claim Vault 15 is their ancestral home and they want it back. They've been sending people here trying to talk us into leaving but we aren't going for it. This is the only home we know.
ZEKE12 - That all depends. What did you have in mind?
ZEKE13 - Not bad... I like it. You've got yourself a deal if you can get NCR to agree to it as well. But... Look, someone has to take care of Darion and his cronies. It should be done now before they realize what has happened and have time to prepare for an attack. Why not get this over with and take Darion out now? You'll have the element of surprise on your side.
ZEKE14 - Excellent. Good luck to you, and thank you.
ZEKE15 - Well, take the time to think about it, but know this -- until Darion is out of the picture, I have no choice but to maintain things around here as they are. It's for the safety of everyone concerned. That means no deal and you are still persona non grata. Understand?
ZEKE16 - Hi. I'm still waiting for a final resolution to our troubles. In other words, kick Darion's ass!
ZEKE17 - You've done it, friend! We're no longer under Darion's yoke. Thank you! I'm ready to accept your deal with NCR now. Just have them send one of their reps by and I'll seal the deal.
ZEKE18 - You've done it, friend! We're no longer under Darion's yoke. Thank you!
ZEKE19 - Wait, before you go... I found this key card some time ago, and I have no idea what it's for. Rebecca says that you found some sort of entrance where they were holding Chrissy. Maybe this card will open it. Here, take it.
