CHIEF1 - What can this old man do for you?
CHIEF2 - Welcome back, child. Was there something else you needed?
CHIEF3 - [The old man smokes his pipe and watches you with dull gray eyes that seem to bore into your soul. He motions for you to sit across from him in the smoke-filled tent.] Thank you for bringing Kurisu back to our village. [He takes a long hit off his pipe.] The spirits... they have much to say about you. Much indeed. Tell me, is there something you need?
CHIEF4 - [The old man smokes his pipe and watches you with dull gray eyes that seem to bore into your soul. He motions for you to sit across from him in the smoke-filled tent.] We are most grateful for your services, Wanderer. [He takes a long hit off his pipe.] The spirits... they have much to say about you. Much indeed. Tell me, what brings you to our village?
CHIEF5 - The Holy GECK... [He takes a long hit off his pipe.] There is a creature that we sometimes hunt -- sometimes, it hunts us. A gecko. No, I sense that's not what you seek. I'm afraid your Holy GECK is beyond my ken.
CHIEF6 - Sulik? [He nods.] One of our best men. Equally skilled at the art of the hunt, and the art of communing with bonespirits. He left us to find his sister, Kurisu, who never returned from a nearby tribe. Tell me, child, where is Sulik now?
CHIEF7 - [Sulik and the tribe's chief exchange greetings.] It brings me great pleasure to see Sulik again. The bonespirits told me he had fallen into trouble. But what of his sister, Kurisu?
CHIEF8 - [He frowns and smokes his pipe in silence for a long time. Just when you consider leaving. He finally speaks.] The spirits were strong with Sulik. I always thought, he might one day take my place. Now, I see the spirits had other plans for Sulik. But what of his sister, Kurisu?
CHIEF9 - It is good to hear that Sulik is well. We were worried he got into trouble. So, his sister is still missing? She too is a member of our tribe.
CHIEF10 - [He closes his eyes for a long time. Just as you think he might have fallen asleep, he begins speaking.] The slavers are led by a man with a dark soul. Metzger. He dwells in one of the ruined husks of the Old One's cities. They call it the Den. [He opens his eyes.] Perhaps, he is holding her there. The bonespirits say no more.
CHIEF11 - Thank you, child, but I am content. Perhaps others are not so. Ask around the village.
CHIEF12 - [The old man smokes his pipe and watches you with dull grey eyes that seem to bore into your soul. He motions for you to sit across from him in the smoke-filled tent.] You have done a great deed, child. I hear the cries of many wicked bonespirits lost out in the Great Salt Water. Now that you have proven yourself, I can share with you the final great secret.
CHIEF13 - [He takes a big hit off his pipe, then closes his eyes. After a moment, he nods.] Yes. I see the Great Bear spirit has guided your quest, breathing new life into old bones. Others as well. Perhaps they've come to you in a vision. Come from far, far away... where mutants are not allowed.
CHIEF14 - The final secret... the greatest secret in the entire game... is, [As he does a dramatic pause, he takes another hit off his pipe. Suddenly, the pipe slips from his hands and falls into his robes, instantly igniting him in flames.]
