ANA1 - No, my friend, a MUMMY! Straight from the sands of ancient Egypt to the sands of the Wastes! Exclusively for you to see!
ANA2 - Hello, welcome, salutations! I am the Great Ananias (he offers you a slight bow, with a flourish). I bring mysteries from near and far friend. Mysteries from a world beyond our own... of the Netherworld.
ANA3 - Come back to learn of the Great Ananias' mysteries of the Netherworld have you?
ANA4 - Today, in the room within, I have, for your eyes exclusively... A Jan-u-wine Egyptian Mummy!
ANA5 - For a person of your obvious class I would be happy to show this unique, and historic, specimen to you for a mere $25.
ANA6 - Simply open the sarcophagus lid and the marvelous Mummy will be revealed, in all its ancient glory, to you. But please, no touching, and, uh, no flash photography.
ANA7 - There you go! The MUMMY! (the door to the sarcophagus swings open to reveal a desiccated corpse, that looks very much like an ordinary ghoul, standing in a poorly painted, chipped and cracked paper-mache sarcophagus.)
ANA8 - There you go! Presenting, the MUMMY! (a crypt-like door swings open to reveal a jan-u-wine Egyptian mummy standing in an open sarcophagus that looks as though it's made out of pure gold!)
ANA9 - (the Mummy, snorts, stretches languidly, and then looks at you with a sleepy blink to its eyes) Hello. (he says, sleepily)
ANA10 - I assure you that the Mummy is, in fact, quite jan-u-wine.
ANA11 - (Woody--for it is in fact Woody, not a Mummy, that stands somewhat drowsily before you--grabs the sides of the paper-mache sarcophagus, lets out a shriek and runs for the door, leaving a trail of toilet-paper 'mummy-wrappings' and a hasty "Thankee kindly, Stranger!" behind him.)
ANA12 - (The Great Ananias shrugs) I knew I should have picked up that mono-headed Brahmin instead. Oh well, back to the drawing board.
ANA13 - I know things that mere mortal man is not meant to know. Aiiieeee! Nyarloth... Oh, sorry (heh, heh). Got a little carried away there for a moment. I have tales of a Ghost that haunts these very grounds, as well as a Jan-u-wine Egypt-ee-an Mummy that you can see, right here in this marvelous sarcophagus.
ANA14 - Well, you see, (he motions you closer) there was once a great queen that ruled all of the surrounding town. She kept her throne by virtue of a special amulet that she kept around her neck at all times. Great stuff, huh?
ANA15 - Well, I'll cut to the chase then. So, the evil wizard poisoned the young princess and took her amulet. She's been wandering around the room next door ever since. Well, uh, that is, just at the witching hour, anyway. That's why I keep the door locked. Pretty darn scary, huh?
