BRAIN1 - You're so close to providing the means for Renewal to all of us. If you'd only give the Reactor Data disk that you've had analyzed to Festus.
BRAIN2 - Renewal is almost here, but it won't get any closer unless you use the Reactor's Data disk on Vault City's Central Computer. Phah! One would think that even a human could understand that much.
BRAIN3 - You know that you need to get the Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator from Vault City in order to install it in our atomic reactor. Sometimes I think that Renewal will never arrive as long as I have to depend upon humans.
BRAIN4 - Renewal is at hand. But it won't get any closer unless you get moving on repairing our atomic reactor. (to himself) Humans... they're so disappointing.
BRAIN5 - I smell one of my Talismans on you, but I don't remember giving you one.
BRAIN6 - Are you ready to become one of us?
BRAIN7 - In order to survive, both Gecko and Vault City will need to cooperate. Vault City needs the power from our Atomic Reactor in order to expand, and we need Vault City's medical technology. Unless we cooperate, both cities will stagnate. Vault City needs to help us to repair our power plant.
BRAIN8 - I am known simply as The Brain. A tribute to my genius. Few things within Gecko, and only a few more without, escape my notice.
BRAIN9 - I don't care where you got it. The real question is whether you intend to join us and wear it in earnest. 
BRAIN10 - Well, as part of my plan to rule the world, I intend to reward my ghoul followers by finding a way to restore their humanity.
BRAIN11 - When I unite Gecko and Vault City under my rulership, I will dedicate Vault City's medical labs to finding a way to reverse the effects of radiation that turned the people into ghouls. They will be renewed, reborn as humans once again.
BRAIN12 - The Ankh is a symbol of life. Once I've given you this talisman you'll be one of us. And your comrades will be more likely to help you along the path towards Renewal. But be careful who you show it to.
BRAIN13 - Are you ready to accept Renewal and wear my Ankh Talisman?
BRAIN14 - You've had the Reactor Data disk analyzed, now you have to do something with it.
BRAIN15 - You've received the Reactor Data disk, now you have to use it.
BRAIN16 - Repairing the reactor was an excellent first step. One more step is needed to ensure the survival of both Gecko and Vault City.
BRAIN17 - The actions I propose would benefit thousands of Vault City and Gecko's citizens. You may not care for me, or my motives, but the results are still well worth working toward.
BRAIN18 - Our atomic reactor needs a part if we have any hope of getting it to run efficiently.
BRAIN19 - You have done well. Both Vault City and Gecko have reason to rejoice. With our reactor working at top efficiency, my plan to take over the world may near fruition. Now you may leave. I have work to do.
BRAIN20 - Well, the reactor's running -- but not very efficiently. We need to use Vault City's central computer to analyze our reactor's output report.
BRAIN21 - Concerned citizen? In a way. In order to take over the world, I have to make sure that there's something worth taking over. I need to build a strong powerbase using Gecko and Vault City.
BRAIN22 - Well, despite your feelings about a rodent ruling the world, the actions I propose would benefit thousands of Vault City and Gecko's citizens. You may not care for me or my motives, but the results are still well worth working towards.
BRAIN23 - You've had the Reactor Data disk analyzed, now you have to use it.
BRAIN24 - You've received the Reactor Data disk, now you have to do something with it.
BRAIN25 - Our atomic reactor needs a part if we have any hope of getting it to run efficiently.
BRAIN26 - Why don't you talk to that old windbag, that stinking sack Festus, in the power plant and see if he can dredge some useful information out of his rotting skull. He may know of a means of optimzing the power plant. I'll let our comrades here in Gecko know of your mission.
BRAIN27 - Well, they will let you if you can show them how much it benefits them. We have an economic report that proves that optimizing the Gecko atomic power plant will directly benefit Vault City. I'll let our comrades here in Gecko know of your mission.
BRAIN28 - They'll give you the Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator if you can prove that doing so benefits Vault City. I have prepared an economic report that details just how much repairing our power plant benefits Vault City. I'll let our comrades here in Gecko know of your mission.
BRAIN29 - I think that McClure is the only Councilmember in Vault City with enough brains to be able to see past his prejudices. He'll make sure you get what you need.
BRAIN30 - You need to go up above, to the junkyard. Look for a ghoul named Gordon. He has the Economic Data Disk that you need. You'll have my talisman, so he'll know to give you the disk.
BRAIN31 - It appears that Gordon has already given you this Economic Data Disk that I speak of. Take it to Vault City immediately.
BRAIN32 - You're sure you want to consign all the citizens of both cities to a slow death?
BRAIN33 - (Sniff, sniff) Hmmm, I smell the distinctive aroma of Cheezy Poofs on you. You don't happen to have some to spare do you? I just love Cheezy Poofs.
BRAIN34 - Now you're one of us. Soon, I will take over the world and all of you will be Renewed.
BRAIN35 - Well, then, I suppose we have nothing more to say to one another. But you know that I cannot allow you to leave here alive, unless you're one of us.
BRAIN36 - You fool. Zomak! Kill this intruder for me.
BRAIN37 - You humans have such limited tolerances. I would have remained a normal rat if you humans hadn't done your best to destroy the world. If it weren't for the radiation, I wouldn't be what I am today.
BRAIN38 - Now that everything's been explained for you, are you ready to join us?
BRAIN39 - I was just one of many normal rats in an advanced research lab. Then, one day, there were explosions. Our cages were broken open, and we were doused with some sort of fluid from a huge vat.
BRAIN40 - I crawled outside. As I began to heal, I noticed that I had changed. I tried to communicate with people, but they all just tried to kill me. Humans are just too violent to survive under their own leadership -- but that's another story. The first step is to repair the reactor.
BRAIN41 - You must get a Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator from Vault City in order to repair the Gecko reactor. If you don't, then Vault City will no doubt attack Gecko. Of course, by destroying the reactor, they will doom themselves in the long run, as well.
BRAIN42 - You have to show them that it's in their own best interest to do so. People are easily manipulated through self-interest.
BRAIN43 - But right now, don't you have something to do?
BRAIN44 - My nose is quite keen. I'm certain that you have Cheezy Poofs. Give me some right now. Please.
BRAIN45 - (crunch, munch, crunch) Mmmm, I love Cheezy Poofs, they're so, well, uh, Cheesy. I was wise to allow you to join my cult. Isn't there something you should be doing right now?
BRAIN46 - (crunch, munch, crunch) Mmmm, I love Cheezy Poofs, they're so, well, uh, Cheesy. For that, you get to be a member of my special cult, and you can help me take over the world.
BRAIN47 - (crunch, munch, crunch) Mmmm, I love Cheezy Poofs, they're so, well, uh, Cheesy.
BRAIN48 - (crunch, munch, crunch) Mmmm, I love Cheezy Poofs, they're so, well, uh, Cheesy.
BRAIN49 - So be it. Zomak! Kill this fool for me. But be careful with the Cheezy Poofs!
BRAIN50 - You have to use the Reactor Data disk on Vault City's Central Computer. You can either sneak in and use it or, if you have the Economic Data disk, you can go to McClure.
BRAIN51 - Just bring the Analyzed Reactor Data disk to Festus and he'll input the data to get the reactor running efficiently.
BRAIN52 - Well, once you get a Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator from Vault City, bring it back to the reactor. Then you can try to convince that pompous slug Festus to install the part, or use the repair robot to install the part, or you could even install the part yourself, of course - so long as someone does it we'll be all right.
BRAIN53 - Festus is the geezer that runs the atomic power plant. He's old, crotchety, and cantankerous, but he does actually know something about running the plant. His offices are over on the far southeast part the plant. Bring the data disk to him and he'll know how to use it.
BRAIN54 - (musing to himself) So many things pass away. Times are not what they were. (sigh) I feel that my sole remaining kin has died. Mad, though he was, I wish it were not so. I had hoped that he might find some happiness even in his dotage. (to you) Well, enough of my sad musings.
BRAIN55 - A Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator. That's the part that you need to get from Vault City. Then you need to bring it back here and get it installed in the reactor.
BRAIN56 - The reactor's optimization data has been recorded on the disk you have by Vault City's Central Computer. Now all you have to do is to bring the disk to that pompous windbag, Festus. Or I suppose that you could just use the disk on the reactor robot control terminal, if you can't bear talking to Festus.
BRAIN57 - You *must* get a Hydroelectric Magnetosphere Regulator from Vault City in order to repair the Gecko reactor. If you don't, then Vault City will no doubt attack Gecko. If you help me, I will fulfill your request. So... will you join us?
