MAT1 - Hello, Wanderer. What can I do for you?
MAT2 - I think you deserve to have answers to your questions.
MAT3 - What can I help you with?
MAT4 - We are a paramilitary organization known as the Brotherhood of Steel.
MAT5 - At one time we were the sole bastions of technology left on the planet. We set ourselves up as what could best be called 'technology police.' We hoarded the old knowledge and only doled it out in small parcels. Of course, it was only to those who we felt deserved it and had the wisdom to properly use it.
MAT6 - Several months ago we came across a group known as the Enclave. Much to our surprise their level of technology surpassed even our own. We found this quite disturbing and considered contacting them. However, we decided on a more cautious course of action until we could determine exactly who the Enclave was, and the underlying purpose of their organization.
MAT7 - To this end, we have reactivated small outposts near areas of Enclave activity from which we can safely observe them. Currently, we have activated such outposts in the Den, the NCR, and here in San Francisco.
MAT8 - We have found that the Enclave deals heavily in drugs, weapons, and slaves. However, these are simply trivial pursuits leading up to some higher purpose, which we have failed to uncover. We are still watching them.
MAT9 - (sigh) The Enclave has developed vertibird technology, flying machines that allow them to move deeply into surrounding territories. Without similar technology to counter this threat, the Brotherhood would be unable to stop an invasion launched by the Enclave. We need to have vertibird technology, or a viable counter to it, for ourselves.
MAT10 - Now, recently the Enclave established a base north of here called Navarro. It's used as a stopover point for the maintenance and refueling of vertibirds. It's my belief that such a base may have complete technical plans of the vertibirds. All I need is for someone to infiltrate the base, steal the plans, and bring them here to me.
MAT11 - Let me be frank with you, Wanderer. The Brotherhood of Steel is not the power that we once were. We believed ourselves to be the sole source of technology left to mankind. Secure in this belief we have let our order decline over the years. Now we don't have the resources at our disposal to deal with the Enclave. We need your help.
MAT12 - I am prepared to make you this offer. Perform this mission for me and I will grant you access to our facility here. The best of the Brotherhood technology will be made available to you, exclusively. What do you say?
MAT13 - Fair enough. Come back to me when you reach a decision.
MAT14 - I understand your hesitation in accepting such a mission. If you change your mind please let me know.
MAT15 - Excellent. Here is what I need you to do. Go to Navarro, infiltrate the base, and recover the technical plans for the vertibirds. Return the plans to me.
MAT16 - Upon successful completion of your mission I will grant you access to our facility here. In the meantime it would be best if you got started immediately. Thank you, Wanderer.
MAT17 - We've had this base for years. By maintaining it at a low level with minimal staffing, never drawing attention to ourselves, we've achieved anonymity. We leave the Shi alone, and they leave us alone.
MAT18 - Too many people in any one place can attract attention. One man in a city of many men is less noticeable.
MAT19 - Hello again. Is there something I can help you with?
MAT20 - Hello. Have you thought about my offer?
MAT21 - Hello. Have you changed your mind about my offer?
MAT22 - Have you completed your mission?
MAT23 - Well, keep working on it. I know it's a difficult mission, but I think you can pull it off.
MAT24 - Excellent work! Let me have the plans, and I'll make a copy of them. As promised, I'll give you full access to our facilities. Thank you.
MAT25 - Navarro is relatively new and not fully staffed as yet. My sources tell me that they receive new recruits from time to time. Perhaps you could pose as a new arrival. I would suggest that.
MAT26 - Navarro is relatively new and not fully staffed as yet. My sources tell me that they receive new recruits from time to time. Perhaps, if you went in alone, you could pose as a new arrival. I would suggest that. You could have your friends wait here.
MAT27 - I had an operative go and scout the base. Her reports recently stopped; I can only assume the worst. Please be careful Wanderer. I don't enjoy sending people to their deaths.
MAT28 - So I am prepared to make you this offer. Perform this mission for me and I will prepare the tanker for you on your journey to the Enclave. What do you say?
MAT29 - Upon successful completion of your mission I'll get the tanker ready for you, and grant you access to our facility here. In the meantime it would be best if you got started immediately. Thank you, Wanderer.
MAT30 - Excellent work! Let me have the plans, and I'll make a copy of them. As promised, I'll ensure that the tanker is ready for you to take out to the oil rig - just go to the computer on the upper level and hit the Go switch. I'll also give you full access to our facilities. Thank you.
MAT31 - We know many things.
