JACOB1 - Hi there. I'm Jacob, the chemist of the Chemist's Drugstore. What can I do for you?
JACOB2 - What do you want?
JACOB3 - Hello again! What can I for you today?
JACOB4 - Welcome back. What can I do for you?
JACOB5 - ::A look of disgust crosses his face:: Get out of here. I don't have time for you.
JACOB6 - You again? Do you want something?
JACOB7 - Drugstore. It's a drugstore. Look, do you want anything?
JACOB8 - Fine. Let's see what you want.
JACOB9 - Thanks.
JACOB10 - Then leave.
JACOB11 - There. We're done. Thank you for the tip. Now please leave.
JACOB12 - Why don't you tell me how you feel about mutants first?
JACOB13 - In that case, I'll give you the real history. A human named Jacob -- I was named after him -- founded this place. Then mutant Marcus came along and forced everyone under his rule. 
JACOB14 - A human named Jacob -- I was named after him -- founded this place. Then mutant Marcus came along and forced everyone under his rule. 
JACOB15 - Maybe if I tell you the real history, you'll change your mind.
JACOB16 - In that case, it's just great being here. This town has everything you could want... mutant sheriff, uranium mine, hospital, store... you can get just about anything here. You want anything else?
JACOB17 - Great. Bye.
JACOB18 - He's been ruling here ever since the Master was destroyed. He puts down anyone who disagrees with him... or they just "disappear." The place looks civilized on the top of things, but the truth is that it's a killing ground for bloodthirsty mutants. There's a friend of a friend who had friends who disappeared after speaking up.
JACOB19 - We all pretend that this is a civilized town, that we're all on the up and up... but we all live in fear of the mutant rage. Each day, there are fewer and fewer humans.
JACOB20 - That's because they're trying to fool you, friend. They're trying to fool you.
JACOB21 - Actually, we are. Some friends of mine and I are planning to strike a blow that will rid this town of mutants, but we need to get some friends out of jail. Are you with us?
JACOB22 - Are you sure? This is a chance to keep humanity free, you know, from those vicious mutant bastards.
JACOB23 - Then that's your choice. I'll let you go on with your life. Pity, though. You look tough.
JACOB24 - You are, eh? I don't think so, traitor.
JACOB25 - I have a little job for you. Our friends, Manson and Franc, are being held in jail. I want you to get them out. Do it quietly, if possible. Don't want the whole town on your head.
JACOB26 - No problem. They're all mutants anyway. But do it quietly, for god's sake.
JACOB27 - More questions?
JACOB28 - Way to turn on your own kind, mutie-lover. How could you do that to Chad? I don't care what you've done for us. You're a disgrace to humanity.
JACOB29 - Well done on the jail work! 
JACOB30 - Did you really have to kill everyone? Now they're all going to be worried. Well, no matter.
JACOB31 - You got them out. I guess that's the important part. Of course, now everyone in town knows you're linked to Manson and Franc somehow. Oh, well.
JACOB32 - I think I can trust you with something important. How'd you like to do a little more work?
JACOB33 - What else can I do for you, friend?
JACOB34 - It's like this. We hate the mutants. We want to kill them. The best way to get rid of 'em is to blow the mine up while they're inside. We want you to plant the charge.
JACOB35 - Just let me know when you're ready to go.
JACOB36 - Excellent, my friend! Here. Take this explosive switch. Hook it up to the air purifier and get the hell out of there. We've arranged it so that the town's mutants will be in the mine. Just let me know when you're ready to go.
JACOB37 - Why not? Are you scared or something? Are you positive you won't do it?
JACOB38 - I suppose I can understand. You'll be equally understanding, I hope, when I tell you to get the hell out of my sight. Traitor.
JACOB39 - Are you ready to go on with the plan?
JACOB40 - Good. I've been waiting for this day. Just attach the explosive switch to the purifier in the mine and get the hell out. There'll be a huge explosion. See you afterwards!
JACOB41 - We are finally free of the impure mutant scourge. Thank you so much for your help. There is a small cache of weapons in the basement under Liz's General Store. For your loyalty, please help yourself to what you find there.
JACOB42 - Anything else?
JACOB43 - Well, what are ya doin' just standin' there? You've got patriots to rescue from incarceration!
JACOB44 - I told you to break them out of prison, not get them killed! What the hell's the matter with you?
JACOB45 - Just nothin'. Whether you meant to or not, you've royally screwed up our plans for this town. Now yer gonna pay.
JACOB46 - Sorry, friend, but... I just lost my two best friends. Those bastard muties killed them in prison.
JACOB47 - Oops? Did you say 'Oops?' You didn't have nothin' to do with this, did you?
JACOB48 - Accident, my ass! Eat this, you mutie-lovin' rat-bastard!
JACOB49 - Yeah, well... their day is comin'.
JACOB50 - I already told you everything you need to know about this place. So, what do you want?
JACOB51 - Hey, friend. I appreciate your help gettin' our friends out of their spot of trouble. You're all right in my book.
