FRANC1 - Pal, I don't think you'd know how to use what I've got to offer. Come back when you've got a little more experience under your belt.
FRANC2 - Help you out with something?
FRANC3 - Pal, I've got no idea what you're trying to say. Sorry.
FRANC4 - I'm Francis. I'm the arm-wrestling champ of this town. I've got a running bet that no one can beat me.
FRANC5 - I'm Francis, remember? The arm-wrestling champion of the town? I've got a running bet that no one can beat me.
FRANC6 - What's to do in town? Well, let's see... there's the saloon, the mines, the refinery, and the caravan. We haven't got much time for fun here, and what we do have, we generally devote to drinking. Also, we work on human/mutant relations.
FRANC7 - I'm always ready. You wanna go?
FRANC8 - [he sizes you up and gauges your musculature] I don't think so, pal. It'd just be a waste of my time. Piss off.
FRANC9 - You think you can take me, eh? All right. You win, you get this power fist. I win, and you're my gimp for a night. Do you want to do it now, or would you like to take some time to rest up?
FRANC10 - That's the truth. Looks like there's no one in this whole godforsaken wasteland who'll go for it, either.
FRANC11 - Buddy, if you don't like it here, there's a whole world outside.
FRANC12 - No problem. Anything else you need, feel free to ask Phil the bartender or someone else.
FRANC13 - Buddy, do you want to arm-wrestle or not? I haven't got the time to waste with snotty remarks and cowards.
FRANC14 - You come on back and find me when you're ready, then. I should be around.
FRANC15 - Get out of here before my stupid brain decides to beat your face in.
FRANC16 - Backing out, eh? Coward. I figured as much.
FRANC17 - Well, pal, that's the first time anyone's ever beaten me in a fair contest. You win. Take this. Well done.
FRANC18 - You lost. No big surprise. Time to come on home with me.
FRANC19 - I tell you what, buddy, I ain't seen an arm like that in ages. You use that right, you'll go far. Enjoy the glove!
FRANC20 - Didn't you get enough of me before? Do you want to try again? Same deal?
FRANC21 - I've heard about you. I don't associate with scum.
FRANC22 - Buddy, thanks for stepping in to save our town. Let me buy you a drink.
FRANC23 - Howdy, hero!
FRANC24 - You may've noticed that we got both mutants and humans in the city. We're trying to work it so that we all live in peace. Unfortunately, there are some who want to destroy that. Our leader, Marcus, helped found the city. Do you want to hear more?
FRANC25 - Sometimes I worry about the people here... it's too hard for some of them to get past their fear. Word has it there's a shit storm coming down the pike - but that might just be rumor.
FRANC26 - All right. Well, if you need any more information, you know where to find me.
FRANC27 - Really? That's a fascinating attitude. Too bad we didn't crush your village when we controlled the wasteland. Get out of my sight, worm.
FRANC28 - Damn it. Zaius left notes lying out again, eh? Well, human, let me tell you this: I knew there are people trying to kill mutants in this town, and I knew that Marcus would only arrest them with evidence. I just wanted to make it happen with as little bloodshed as possible.
FRANC29 - Innocents? Ha! The people I killed were trying to kill ME! I just returned the favor  and made sure their deaths served another purpose - one that might further the cause of peace.
FRANC30 - If you talked to some of the people in town about your hatred of mutants,  you'd find out about the conspiracy. I know two wrongs don't make a right, but I call it self-defense. I did something wrong, and I admit it. I can't stay here. I'll set out to find a way to atone for my actions... That satisfy your sense of justice?
