TYPHN1 - Howdy there, kiddo, and welcome to the Old Ghouls' Home!
TYPHN2 - Another waste-baby, huh? Hey, kid, you want to know a secret?
TYPHN3 - Back in my running days, I won quite a few races, made quite a bit of cash. Long time ago, I stashed all of my winnings not too far from here. If someone was t'do me a favor or two, I might tell 'em where that "treasure" is.
TYPHN4 - Heh. All right, then. I ain't got nothin' for you. Go on, git.
TYPHN5 - Kid, y'got to do me a favor, first.
TYPHN6 - I'm an old guy, an' I don't get out too much. Ain't got much chance for action, y'know what I mean? So what I want is a Cat's Paw magazine. Find me one.
TYPHN7 - Thanks for the mag, kid. Let me get back to you in an hour or so.
TYPHN8 - I ain't done yet, kid! Sheesh! Can't an old ghoul have his privacy?
TYPHN9 - What kind o' treasure? Money, kid, lots and lots of money. Enough to satisfy any sane person.
TYPHN10 - You're back, eh? You want to know about that treasure, kid?
TYPHN11 - Like what?
TYPHN12 - It's kind of a joke. There ain't any ghouls but old ghouls. We're all sterile, see, but we're incredibly long-lived. We're the first and last generation of ghouls. This is a place for those of us who just wanna rest for a while.
TYPHN13 - I'm Typhon. Y'ever hear of Set? He used to run the old-time town of Necropolis. I'm his son. Got born before the radiation hit us, so I grew up mutated. Ain't never been any other way for me.
TYPHN14 - Yep. Used to have some, but all the pure-strain humans stole 'em to make their own little Gardens of Eden. Vault City might be your best bet to find one. Either there or NCR to the south.
TYPHN15 - "Total bastard" would be a fine way to describe the old man. Being turned into a ghoul from the radiation didn't do much for his sense of humor or sense of authority, let me tell you. 'Course, it kinda screwed up everyone's brains. I think growing up ghoulie made it a little easier on me.
TYPHN16 - Well? Do you have my Cat's Paw magazine yet?
TYPHN17 - Well, hurry it up! I'm an old, old ghoul, and I tell you, I gotta have relaxation! Now go, go, go!
TYPHN18 - Kid, that magazine stirred up the ol' juices, and I figure that for the sort of treasure I'm talkin', you can hunt me down a few more things. Go git me a blow-up doll. You can probably find one in New Reno.
TYPHN19 - This, kid, will hit the spot. Gimme a few hours and we'll talk more. Go on. [He eyes the doll lustfully.]
TYPHN20 - Can't a guy get a little privacy! Git! Git! G'wan!
TYPHN21 - I'm all tuckered out now. Go get me some rotgut and we'll talk about the treasure. Phil the bartender should be able to take care o' that for you.
TYPHN22 - I'll probably want... oh, one more thing. I'll tell you what it is when you get me my damn rotgut, all right?
TYPHN23 - That really hit the spot, kid. I was gonna ask you for a plant, but hey, I'll give you a break.
TYPHN24 - All right. I remember stashing the cash somewhere downtown. It's been so many years, though, and the buildings have been built and rebuilt over and over, that I'm not sure exactly where it is. If it helps any, I remember thinkin' I should put it somewhere that wasn't likely to be torn down or plowed over. Somewhere indispensable, ya' know? Good luck to you.
TYPHN25 - You find that treasure yet, kid?
TYPHN26 - Well, keep lookin'. You're bound to get it eventually.
TYPHN27 - How's the treasure, kid?
TYPHN28 - What, they don't use caps as money anymore? You mean all that collectin' and hidin' and worryin' someone's gonna steal my stash was for nothing? God DAMMIT! Sorry to make you run around like that, kid. If I'd'a known...
